I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe, til I see, what I wanna see
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work
For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough
'cause we, are just gonna be, enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us
Coming to terms, where we can agree
There ain't gonna be, no reasoning, speakin wit me
You speak on my seed, then me, no speak-a ingles
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen
And you're gonna see, this gangster beat on himself
I see you D-12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you gon know me
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony
Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too!

Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch!

We got you niggaz, nervous
On purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not MC's, you'se worthless
You'se not them G's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please
You'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third
You'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin?
When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseeing the Earth
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth
And as I mold, I become a curse
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You'se not the streets, you'se the desk
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the debt

Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch!

Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'ma stay blazin New York wit the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk wit my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy-going with the same one that started the fight
He be knowing how dog get, when dog gon bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight
'cause it's all good, it's all right
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track
Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that?

Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah
Go to sleep bitch!

All you motherfuckers, take that!
Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo
We're killing all you motherfuckers dead, all of you
Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press!
Rot, motherfuckers, rot! Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt!
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame!
Ahhh! Hahahaha
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha

I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes

Lately, I really
Feel like I'm, rollin' for delph like Philly
Feel like I'm losin' control of myself
I sincerely, apologize if all that I sound like
Is I'm complaining, but life keeps on complicating
And, I'm debating on, leaving this world this evening
Even my girls can see that I'm grieving
I try and hide it but I can't
Why do I act like I am all high and mighty
When inside I'm dying, I am finally realizin' I need, help
Can't do it myself, too weak
Two weeks I've been having ups and down
Going through peaks and valleys
Dilly dallying, around with the idea
Of ending this shit right here
I'm hating my reflection
I walk around the house trying to fight mirrors
I can't stand what I look like, yeah
I look fat, but what do I care
I don't give a fuck, only thing that I fear is Hailie
I'm afraid that if I close my eyes then I might see her, shit

I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes

I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom
Napping at noon, yeah dad's in a bad mood
He's always snapping at you
Marshall what happened that you
Can't stop with these pills, and you've falling off with your skills
And your own fans are laughing at you
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle
Get up, be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled
Know you just had your heart, ripped out and crushed
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that,
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at, nobody, he'd fight first
But dwelling on it only makes the night worse
Now I'm popping Vikes, Percs, and Methadone Pills
Yeah Em tight verse, you killed it
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like Yes-Men
And they gon' do whatever I says, whenever I says it
It's in their best interest to protect their investment
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it I guess then

I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes

(Don't know what I'm going through,
But I just keep on going through changes)

My friends can't understand this new me
That's understandable man, but think how bananas you'd be
You'd be an animal too
If you were trapped in this fame, and caged in it like a zoo
And everybody's lookin' at you
Whacha want me to do?
I'm starting to live like a recluse, and the truth is
Fame is starting to give me an excuse
To be at a, all-time low
I sit alone in my home theater, watching the same damn D-V-D of the
First tour, the last tour, he was still alive
And it hurts, so I fast forward
Sleeping pills would make me feel alright
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night
I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfucking right
I ain't slowing down for no one
I am almost homeward bound
Almost in a coma, yeah homie, come on dole 'em out
Daddy don't you die on me
Daddy better hold your ground
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice
Yeah baby hold me down

I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes

(Don't know what I'm going through,
But I just keep going through changes)

Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes
Plus somehow I'm pulling through
Swear when I come back, I'm ma be bullet proof
I'm a do it just for proof
I think I should state a few
Facts, cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth
See it just hit me, that what if I would not have made it through
I think about the things that I would have never got say to you
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do
Hailey this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too
I still love your mother, that'll never change
Think about her every day, we just could never get it together hey
Wish there was a better way for me to say it
But I swear on everything, I'll do anything for her on any day
There are just too many things, to explain
When it rains, guess it pours, guess it does
Wish there wasn't any pain
But I can't pretend there ain't
I ain't placing any blame, I ain't pointing fingers
Heaven knows I've never been a saint
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history
And just today, I looked at your picture, almost as if to say
I miss you sub-consciously, wish it didn't end this way
But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say
I guess I'm

I'm going through changes, I'm going through changes

Don't know what I'm going through, but I just keep going through changes

Woo, damn
There's a lot of bitches up in here tonight boy
I'm about to get drunk
Let's hold down
Where the bar at?

Okay, okie dokey Obie's here
No more focus, hobo's got a career
And I like your brassiere and there's a party in here
And I'm ready to talk naughty in Veronica's ear
She erotic and it's hot, saw a Heineken beer
Put it to the side and invite here to "Cheers"
Pull up a chair, nigga swear no drama
Prepare for a player, who workin' with a monster
I ain't got time to waste, let's vacate the place
Shut blinds and drapes, grind to your face in a grimy state
Concentrate, you will find that your bound to get
But we found what's fate
We can watch two incredible mates masturbate
Why settle and wait, let's Escalade to the nearest Super Eight
Until your rear is on the mirrors and they smearin' booty cheeks
Come on

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

Okay holy moly derriere
Look around the club booty everywhere
And she caught me starin'
And my homies darin' me to approach Karen
She's model material, but she got a venereal
Tons of baby fathers', baby bottles and cereal
She holla 'cause I got a lot of DeNiro (DeNiro)
The DJ's playin' Obie's song on the stereo
And she's impaired and she wants to be headin' home
With the real thing not the dildo clone
And I know I don't want to be headin' home
With some double D's full of silicon
Ten hood rat chicks surround me outside
Found me outside, clown me outside
'Til I pop the trunk and they found me outside
Bustin' at the bitches screamin' "off to they rides!"

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

Okay rolie polies everywhere
Gotta find a slim chick's atmosphere
Obesity's glarin' and she got me fearin'
She's gonna come over here and try to eat me literally
Like a box of Cherrios
Carry cupcakes and chocolate Tootsie rolls
I'm outta order cause I gotta big girl disorder
So better cover up that blubber or I'll split
And I ain't got time to play
Let's investigate another place today
Ladies less in weight and the dress they shape
Dresses petite, no window drapes

Word to mother, they god damn Okra and beans
Got ya Oprah and jeans
Seems to me a little lean cuisine
Wouldn't hurt much, hot don't touch

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

And this is my favorite song
Now sing along, when the DJ throws it on
And if I leave here tonight and I fall asleep
And wake up, hopefully she got some teeth (uh huh)

Ha ha, ha ha, ha
You gotta have teeth baby
It just wouldn't look right
Look, me big lips
You no teeth, it wouldn't work
You know what I'm sayin'
Yeah
I'm feelin' good
Shady Records man
Obie Trice, come on

What would it take to push a man,
Far enough to put somethin material over a human life?
What would drive someone completely over the edge
To do some shit like that? the green and gold.

I done filled my lungs up
With so much of this crack smoke
My necks bloated, my techs loaded,
I'm flat broke, and I'm pissed off,
Mad at the world I've had it with girls
And I'm frustrated, ran to the bus stop,
Just made it and hopped on 
Ready to drop bombs on the first person who had a nice suit and a watch on
I spot JOHN a white collar worker
In clean cut, walked up to em
He was like what? whatchu mean what? you know what time it is man
At your next stop gimme that Rolex watch with that diamond wrist band.
Got his green and his gold dashed it climbed in his van to steal it and seen
A man holdin' a nine and then
Shot him from the bottom up
Stole his keys, put em inside the ignition and got em stuck, 
Hopped out to flee on my feet, 
Fucked around, forgot that I left my ID on the seat

What is a nightmare?
The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream
A nightmare (A nightmare, a nightmare, a nightmare)

I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
Till one day I grew suspicious,
When I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop
And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start a new be-ditching
Missouri from Michigan didn't work
So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan
From Missouri back to Michigan
Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom please stick to a decision
Discipline, last thing I wanna' do is listen
She's like Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are krypton-ite
To the walls and I've lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into them, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind, Superman
'Cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though
I could turn into invisible kid
Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
And one day uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
Music into the picture and it become my new religion
"I remember it clearly, even today"
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Ned
Always itchin' for something to do, was flipping
Through the radio stations one day and discovered this DJ who was mixing
I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to the the wizard
You ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing
For shoes, Fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition shoes
You get them LL Cool J coolin' systems
Think I finally maneuvered to 8 Mile and Hoover
And somehow I saw my future is in this that's how I know my mission
Little boom box boomin', spitting
Practicing numerous rhythms
When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come true for wishin'
I remember Proof would visit
Couldn't wait to play him my new shit, he'd go complete ballistic
Go through the roof for his shit
It's like we knew the instant
We touched a mic that both of us two existed to do this shit
Never quit, too persistent

Started a group of misfits
Proof had a proposition
If we all brand together, there ain't no stopping this shit
Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
Be ready to come off the top as sharp position
If you got dissed at the shop 'cause if they caught you slippin'
They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocked us once, it ain't knocking again
It tried ding dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock
Cut off his oxygen slim
Snot forgin' like cocksuckers and rocks in the wind
Now I got my pot to piss in
Spottin' the top of this chain
Cuppin' over the opposition
Lookin' like a dog that's pissin'
Wake up on the competition
Promise incomplete
Diamond and Sugar Ray Robinson
I'm in a league Muhammad's in
Ali's my colleague bombin' them probably
Probably end up on top of them
Stomping them like Adomakin
I'm rushing like your cranium LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face
Competitors fall at my waist
You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place
To battle bitch I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now wish you pink birds, ooh no more drippin' in bird shit,
This songs a self empowerment surgeon
Words of encouragement but discourage any rappers the rap games God
But the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift
'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells
And doors ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first
As you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this beast to get served
Blood thirst, revenge of the nerds

(They shall not escape my vengeance)

And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
With the uncle Ron I'm turning into an non-humble Don
You blind dumbos, all I got is dick for you to crumble on
So stop the show, but I need a drum roll for I go on
Better back away from the front row, get lunch, I'm
Bigger than Dikembe Mutombo on the fucking jumbo tron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna crumble, you bambacluts
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yarn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The goat just ate eight acres, and ate the vet
Who just make a path and take you straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook with smoke cook
Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot
It's hard to breath floating like oak wood was burning
Return of the no good and I wont (quit)

And a gauntlet, with a chain henge, its like a groundhogs day
So crowd around y'all, 'cause you may, see about y'all hey

Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going,
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play
(Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this)

Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade

Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

Fuck that!  Do that shit!  Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit?  Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?  Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!)
Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude)

(It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute)
(Mm, I don't know!)
(Look baby)
(Damn!)
(Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?)
(Well OK)

Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. (Give me a kiss!)
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play (Shit!)
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?  (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kid")
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man.
(What the fuck!)
(Grady!)

Alright calm down, relax, start breathin'
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitches head off!
Wait!  What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell?  Landed on his dick?)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay!  Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
What you say?  (What's wrong?
Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'm a kill you motherfucker!
Uh-ah!  Temper temper!

Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that, aw fuck it
What am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?

Yo, I can't sing good
I feel like singin'
I wanna fuckin' sing
'Cause I'm happy

Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

Some days I sit, starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry
Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wastin' my time?
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes (Oh no)

Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

My baby girl keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes, 'cuz they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side
I act like shit don't phase me
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes (oh no)

Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got 'er
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't abort
Now you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packin' drug-addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' ma soul
And just know that I grow cold of the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harda to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breakin'
Should I just give up
Or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look
I love my daughter more than life n' itself

But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin', 3 felonies, 6 years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I should of seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Would of ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, maybe the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya
Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's her soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

Woo!
I told you I can't sing
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, remember when I said

If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Well guess what, daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere baby
I love you

[Obie Trice]
Babe uh, yeah!
Girl, you my only one though aight, haha
You my baby, fuck all that shit
You're the one for me
Check it out.

[Verse - Obie Trice]
Baby I'm feeling the feelings you giving, I'm feelin your style
And I'm willing to let my guard down to figure you out
I'm picturing your figure in a swimsuit wiling
Somewhere in the Caribbean Islands
Cause the vibe you giving me now
Feels like I'm an innocent child
Sinning is never tempting when other women's around
Hands down, this is my vow
I never heard a moan sound so profound
When a nigga's digging you out, phone rings
You cuss them motherfuckers out, quit calling the house!
If I call, you're in route
There's a drought, you look out
I'm on edge, you put the palm of your hand on my head and squeeze
Please believe I ain't scared of commitment
Fuck head from them bitches!
When you could do the same, but that respect is given
Our intimacy is significantly different

[Chorus - Eminem (Obie Trice)]
You gon ride for me (you gon ride?)
Then I'm gon ride for you (I'm gon ride)
If you put your mouth on me (put it on me)
I'm a put my mouth on you
Together there ain't nothing we can't do (there's nothing)
Any problem we can see it through (we see it through)
Baby if you promise to be true (you promise?)
I will never put my hands on you
Come on and think about it

[Verse - Obie Trice]
We ain't even got to talk when we see each other
We got it all chalked out when we see each other under them covers
You my lover, I'm your friend, I'm your man, but I'm sayin
Who needs a label, we roll hand in hand
Visions of you having my little man
We joke, you call me George Foreman
Cause I'm namin him O number four, me I'm three
Plus the ol' G like the personality, she say it's meant to be
I'm in the bathroom when you pee
She in the bathroom too when a nigga doo doo, you my boo boo
There's nothing in this world that a nigga wouldn't do to
Satisfy - this my bitch that ride
My bitch wit the pistol in the ride
A nigga act up she busting, she ain't got to decide
No discussion, she'll put a slug in a tough niggaz muffin
You're fucking wit her husband

[Chorus]

[Verse - Obie Trice]
Come on and think about it
You got a ring about it
Nothing could ever come between or intervene our bondage
Drama we overcome it if we out numbered
I promise it'll be us against a hundred
Rushing to your side when you vomit eating pickles and peanutbutter
Eight months later Obie rubbing your stomach
Paying homage to your momma for raising a girl proper
Enough to call O her Baby Father
You ain't gotta bother bout a deal, I swear I keep it real
Raise young O trill and cook a decent meal
It's signed and sealed, you the only female
Hail, my one and only pal come to get me outta jail
Post bail and post up for sale
I swore, I swear we will always live well
Long as I got my bombshell from the hood to the hills
Who's gon stop up? nobody! we's that deal

[Chorus]

[Bridge - Eminem (Obie Trice)]
If you gon stand by me (if you gon stand by me)
Then I'm gon stand by you (then I'm gon stand by you)
If you promise you'll be true
Then I'll never put my hands on you (hands down)
But! don't you play me for no fool (no fool) bitch!
Cause if I put my mouth on you (on you)
After you put your mouth on someone else
Better find someone else new
Come on and think about it

[Outro - Obie Trice]
Yeah.. Obie Trice
Shady!

Mom
I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off, and I'm fucked up?
And mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink and

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I went in headfirst
Never thinking about who what I said hurt, in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are
Did I take it too far?
Cleaning out my closet and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you 'cause ma!
You're still beautiful to me, cause you're my mom
Though far be it for you to be calling, my house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together
Can form an atomic bomb equivalent to chemical warfare
And forever we can drag this on and on
But, agree to disagree
That gift from me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's fifteen degrees and it's Christmas Eve (little prick just leave)
Ma, let me grab my fucking coat, anything to have each other's goats
Why we always at each others throats? Especially when dad, he fucked us both
We're in the same fucking boat, you'd think that it'd make us close (nope)
Further away that drove us, but together headlights shine, a car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest, so my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old, and
That's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changeable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

'Cause to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
'Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand baby's growth
But I'm sorry mama for 'Cleaning Out My Closet', at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it though, 'cause
Now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan being placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but
Now the medications taken over and your mental states deteriorating slow
And I'm way too old to cry, that shit's painful though
But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yours
But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, 'cause
One thing I never asked was where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it I guess he had trouble keeping up with every address
But I'd have flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
Someone ever moved them from me? That you could bet your ass's
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them
And although one has met their grandma
Once you pulled up in our drive one night as we were leaving to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness come over me
As we pulled off to go our separate paths, and
I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to thank you for being my Mom and my Dad
So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had to get this off my chest, I hope I get the chance to lay it before I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seat belt, I guess we're crashing
So if I'm not dreaming, I hope you get this message that I'll always love you from afar
'Cause you're my mama

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far

I want a new life
One without a cause
So I'm coming home tonight
Well no matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
Or if the crew can't wake me up
Just know that I was alright
And I was not afraid to die

Oh even if there's songs to sing
My children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my new girl
So I never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright
I am not afraid to die

I guess we are who we are
Headlights shining in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far, I want a new life

I want you, to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch I want the fans jumping
I want the fists, pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, ladies won't ya fill your cups
Shady's come to fill ya up, are you a D or a C cup?
You could even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E.R., we are strapped with so much TNT
We may blow, no not even CPR from the EMT's
Could help you to resuscitate, you busters must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard, what's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
{*chka-chk-chk*} What's my name? Shady came and just crushed the game
It's really not even fair to them, cause they pale in comparison
So much they might as well wear his skin
Don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit's getting embarrassing
The fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe
La-didi-da-da-da-didi
He makes it look so easy, girl you just hit the lottery

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

This is when shit hits the fan, like it just splattered on Stan
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers
Like chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say at once, this song's like a seance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off for what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smoking something
You think I ain't smoking nothing, stay off my nuts
Now hit the flo' baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah girl shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, a mongoose when it comes to the chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, me and my goons are like animals
We come through like a pack of wolves, and we came here to retract the roof
Yeah man ain't that the truth, girl your man's back in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, and this is when all hell breaks loose

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

Now I know you're feeling discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-ur-during the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' ho
With speakers knocking it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
"E" and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffing for nothing, we'll knock the stuffing out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick
Right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hating on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, "Dre fell off", that's news to me

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

[Eminem]
Yo, Slim Shady!
Yo, I'll fuckin, I'll
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
You'll think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin' to shoot you,
I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
And have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin' mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin' up to your open casket
To fill it full of explosive gasses
And close it back with a lit match in it
While I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes

[Chorus:Repeat x2]

I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down

[J-Black]
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
That I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
With the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray every night (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface
Nickel nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?

[Chorus]

[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care

(Chorus:Repeat x2)

But every time I take a step it gets dim, tell me is this hell we're livin in

Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself (myself)
My name is Shaaady
So nice to meet you (So nice to meet you)
It's been a long time (long time) sorry I've been away so long (So long)
My name is Shaaady
I never meant to leave you (Never meant to leave you)

Yea

You see that chick in the gym checkin' me out?
Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm wrecklessly wreckin' the house
That was supposed to be breakfast where the heck is it now?
Here's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of your couch
Oh! Jackpot! Yea, 'open sesame' mouth
Down the hatchet, the feelin' you can't match it
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet
I tac-tac-tacin' the whore with the damn hatchet
I nap-sack-pack with like forty some Xanaxes
Shorty come back, I'm tryin' to score me some lap dancers
I'm 'bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniels
Formula forty-four and forty's with mad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch and back at-ya

Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And are you menstruating baby my little friend's waitin' to say hello
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty shakin' like Jell-O
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

Yea

My equilibrium's off, must be the Lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em
It just becomes everyday extracurricular
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun
A fifth of rum and two bottles of one fifty one
Fifty one people asleep in my damn livin' room
'Scuse me hun, but what was your name, Vivian?
I woke up next to you naked and uh, did we umm?
Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun?
I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there doesn't seem to be one
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from
I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run
like Speedy Gonzales to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of threes, I'm fiendin' for some
My head is poundin' to the beat of the drum

Umm

Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
So I'm hopin' that some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

Oh, Those were the days they certainly were
It's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin' the curtain for good
(Word-word, chi-word-word, chi-word-chi-chi-word)
I second that and a third, rush to emergency surgery
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased
He no longer gettin' the three hundred bucks for these Perk-idans
Buster's gettin' to be where he lustfully surged it in
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles 'be hurtin' him'
Childishly on the phone tryin' to rustle up
Muscle relaxers for his back and a couple of Paxils
Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumblin' back
Slipped and fell hit his backbone heard somethin' go crack
Now he's up in the bathroom like he's bustin' a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just bustin' my own chops while I'm bustin' a rap
Resuscitated and re-juiced so fuck it' I'm back

Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
So I'm hopin' that some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

So I'm sayin
Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself (myself)
My name is Shaaady
So nice to meet you (So nice to meet you)
It's been a long time (long time) sorry I've been away so long (So long)
My name is Shaaady
I never meant to leave you (Never meant to leave you)

Yeah huh
(hip hop hip hop hip hop)
Turn the mic up a little bit
(hip hop)
Get some of this Cali weedo
(hip hop)
Listen to some motherfuckin'
(hip hop)
Haha
(Sounds like gold, sounds like street, whoo
Niggas know they gettin' told what they mama did
The rump bumpa bum bum in the jeep
These people know what I do with the M-P-C)

Hip hop, (hip hop) That's the way of life
If you think you're nice, then go grab the mic
Let me tell you my story, cause everybody got one
Grab the pen and pad, and start to jot some
Always told myself, that I would never be losin
Man, I ain't have no hood, my mother was always movin
From Detroit to Texas, Texas to Detroit
Goddamn, mama, what's the point?
So I would go in my room and pack my little bags
Jump in the truck, with my step-dad
When I was 10 years old, I started to feel the hunger
Got a little older, then the force got stronger
And me and my rap partner wasn't seein' eye to eye
So we picked up and started a group with some other guys
This is hip hop (hip hop)
Man, I won't stop
Yo Big Boi! "What up?" Give me a beat box
(beatbox)

Hip hop, hip hop
Hip hop
Hip hop (hip)
Hip hop!
Sounds like gold, sounds like street, (whoo)
Niggas know they gettin' told what they mama did (whoo)
The rump bumpa bum bum in the jeep
These people know what I do with the M-P-C

From the hip hop Shop to Maurice Malone
Ten years later, I'm still in the zone
7 Mile and Foyer where a star was born
United we stand, divided we swore (D12!)
Hell yeah, I looked in my car
Bitch, I was homeless, I slept in a jar
And Dirty Management, I wish y'all the best
But me and my niggas had to do what's best, it was a mess
All them taxes and accounts
Checks started to bounce, niggas couldn't by an ounce
And now that we platinum, they diss our name
Like we won't go the car and get them things
And beef, sometimes you don't have a choice
From the fight with Whitey Ford to the Beastie Boys
To the Ja Rules, Benzinos, and the niggas in the club
To the E Dubbs and niggas that you ain't heard of
And man, I don't know how to use a gun
But I'll learn quick if the fuckin' beef come
{gun sprays}

Hip hop, hip hop
Hip hop
Hip hop (hip)
Hip hop!
Sounds like gold, sounds like street, (whoo)
Niggas know they gettin' told what they mama did (whoo)
The rump bumpabumbum in the jeep
These people know what I do with the M-P-C

Man, I thought this was supposed to be hip hop, hip hop
I'd rather be fishin' in flip flops, flip flops
Or cross over to country like Kid Rock, and I
Can't see no country singers beefin' over some guitar
Riff to Willie Nelson lifted from Bob Seeger
When I was younger I was so eager
To have a gun, I would do the same
Couldn't wait to get to the shootin' range
Me and my man Goofy Gary just tryna let loose some steam
Motherfuckers laughin' cause I couldn't aim
So I pulled the fuckin' target closer and just shoot the thing
I used to have this theory, keep three bullets in the gun
It was a mandatory year up here in Michigan
For each bullet if you got no C-C-W license
I tried to apply for one, they said it take 5-6 months
What the fuck am I supposed to do meanwhile when rivals come?
Hide that son of a bitch in the glove box or inside the trunk
Now back to what my three-bullet theory was
I'm triple-platinum, I ain't tryna catch no murder 1
Figured I'd shoot the womb, probably missin' at least one
But the other one's fuck his shoulder and his knee cap up
And I'm a say for self-defense how come I had the gun
Is because I was at the range, on my way back from
This dude approached me on some bullshit
I'll get a year for each bullet at the most as opposed to
Havin' a full clip in that
That was my idiotic logic, it was basically for safety
But it gave me power, and it made me crazy
And psychotic, I just got retarded
Once I got and I thank God it was empty the night I got caught with it
What the fuck man, I thought that it was supposed to be

Hip hop, hip hop
Hip hop
Hip hop (hip)
Hip hop!
Sounds like gold, sounds like street, (whoo)
Niggas know they gettin' told what they mama did (whoo)
The rump bumpabumbum in the jeep
These people know what I do with the MPC

How come we don't even talk no more
And you don't even call no more
We don't barely keep in touch at all
And I don't even feel the same love when we hug no more
And I heard it through the grape vine we even beefin now
After all the years we been down
ain't no way no how, this bullshit can be true
We family and ain't a damn thing changed, unless it's you

So young, so full of life in vibrant side by side wherever you weres ridin i went
So close, almost on some bonnie and clyde shit
When ronnie died you weres right by my side with a sholder to cry on
Tissue to wipe my eyes, and a bucket to catch every tear i cried inside it
You even had the same type of childhood i did
Sometimes i just want to know why is it that you surcame to yours
And mine i survived it, you ran the streets, i 9 to 5'd it
We grew up, grew apart, as time went by us, then i blew up
To both yours and mine surprises
Now i feel the vibe i just can't describe it
As much as your pride tries to hide it
Your cold, you touch its like ice
In your eyes is the look of resenment
I can sense it, and i don't like it

It was my dream at first to be on spittin a verse
On my own album with a deal but shit got burst
So i came out i woulda killed a nigga first
Before i let him disrespect me and check me over some worste
Some bitch that i wasn't with i would hit her then quit
But you would pull a talk with her and tell her she was the shit
I told you don't get involved in it, you was smokin the chron with her
Comin out of the bar with her stumblin half drunk
Like why'all was husband and wife or somethin
But me catchin you fuckin other niggas musta hurt you pride or somethin
'cause you won't fuck at the mouth with people like you wanted with me
When all i tried to do was show your bitch was shifty
And ever since the fans and all the shit that i produced
You actin like i ain't you man and lyin like she can't be loose
But i am really you friend, i'm jus trying to tell you the truth
But don't hate the game or the player
'cause the one that is changing is you

You're only at the top 'cause my homie had to stop
Now we actin like i gotta live only for the block
Homies in the hood only she be on the tube
Only gossip on the porch get to speakin on who
Fools i used to rap with all expect magic
Like my finger get to snappin and *poof* it jus happen
But PROOF is jus actin out the party was stoned
Shady made it so my babys ain't starvin at home
See the devil in you grin since the ghetto we been friends
Whenever real intelligence that's forever till the end
I be the hatred in your eyes and the satan in your lives
And wastin my times with these snakes in disguise
(how come) when you talk its with bitter is fight
And (how come) it's my fault for what you did with your life
And everytime i go to hear you and play you look away
We barely embrace, you can't even look me in my face

You and me we were the pretenders
We let it all slip away
In the end what you don't surrender
Well the world just strips away

Girl, ain't no kindness in the face of strangers
Ain't gonna find no miracles here
Well you can wait on your blesses my darlin'
I got a deal for you right here

I ain't lookin' for praise or pity
I ain't comin' 'round searchin' for a crutch
I just want someone to talk to
And a little of that human touch
Just a little of that human touch

Ain't no mercy on the streets of this town
Ain't no bread from heavenly skies
Ain't nobody drawin' wine from this blood
It's just you and me tonight

Tell me, in a world without pity
Do you think what I'm askin's too much
I just want something to hold on to
And a little of that human touch
Just a little of that human touch

Oh girl that feeling of safety you prize
Well it comes at a hard hard price
You can't shut off the risk and the pain
Without losin' the love that remains
We're all riders on this train

So you've been broken and you've been hurt
Show me somebody who ain't
Yeah, I know I ain't nobody's bargain
But, hell, a little touch up
And a little paint

You might need somethin' to hold on to
When all the answers, they don't amount to much
Somebody that you could just to talk to
And a little of that human touch

Baby, in a world without pity
Do you think what I'm askin's too much
I just want to feel you in my arms
Share a little of that human touch
Share a little of that human touch
Feel a little of that human touch
Feel a little of that human touch
Share a little of that human touch
Feel a little of that human touch
Give you a little of that human touch
Give me a little of that human touch

[Intro]
Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's
You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's
Then you got your hustlers and hardcore

[Domingo]
Oh a line with fakes a time
Fresh time, with sure more times
Jimminy two time respect mine
Big click with breakfast and blacklist
War! War! War! War!

Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen
Superstition can help you in this battle
G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles
All over your shit in shamble
Looking the little of latter you fucking runt

[Chorus: x4]
Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore!
Giving you more than what you asking for!

[Domingo]
Danger hander
Banging swinging banner all single hander
Hit the left propaganda
I'll manner bad grammar stander

Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner
Hit and slap us, so pajamas
Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers
Happy brands will make them happy campers

Little laughter
Shit nappers

[Eminem]
I'll puke eat and freak you
Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you

And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house
You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you
I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal

I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you
Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis

[Chorus: x4]

[Domingo]
Aw yeah

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it
So that one day I could play it back
But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm saying that
Y'all starting to creep in, everyday its so gray and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that
Cause no one see's my vision when I play it for 'em
They just say its wack
But they don't know what dope is
And I don't know if I was awake or asleep
When I wrote this,
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breath new life in me
I owe my life to you
But for the life of me I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son
Demons fighting you, it's dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me it'll enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me
Not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew
I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight me when I get off this fucking mic
Or you gon' hug me
But I'm out of options there's nothing else I can do 'cause

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It hurts when I see you struggle
You come to me with ideas
You say there just pieces so I'm puzzled
'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But your either getting lazy or you don't believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision you keep questioning yourself
Second guessing and its almost like your begging for my help
Like I'm your leader
Your supposed to fucking be my mentor
I can endure no more,
I demand you remember who you are
It was you, who believed in me
When everyone was telling you don't sign me
Everyone at the fucking label, lets tell the truth
You risked your career for me
I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy
Dre, I'm crying in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe its my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't giving up faith and you ain't giving up on me
Get up Dre, I'm dying, I need you, come back for fuck's sake

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life

(I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life)

It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday though
You walked in, yellow jump suit
Whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on
But they just left, they said they was riding to the death
But where the fuck are they now
Now that I need them, I don't see none of them
All I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends
All I need is him
Fucking backstabbers
When the chips were down you just laughed at us
Now you 'bout to feel the fucking wrath of aftermath, fagots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots and the crackers ass
Little crack a jack beat making wack ass backwards producers,
I'm back bastards
One more CD and then I'm packing up my bags and as I'm leaving
I'll guarantee they scream Dre don't leave us like that man 'cause

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that nine it ain't gonna help
What good is it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin' for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell
Manson  you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen I was putting shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to, get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox (Mom! Mom!)
I used to give a, fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed
Too much stares two breasts, too upset
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right
You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi"
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-T-E,
'Cause M-T-V was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me
Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't working?
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

I take each individual degenerates head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational {Back is the incredible!}
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet
Trying to, lure your kids with him, into bed
It's a, sick world we live in these days
"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic
Whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin' 'em
With my windows tinted, with nine limos rented
Doin' lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin' out
all high and indo-scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

I take seven kids from Columbine, stand 'em all in line
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine
A Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
Cause (I'm) Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (Ah!)
So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
It'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this!
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back)
I'm back (I'm back) (Slim Shady!) I'm back

Guess who's b, back, back
Gue' gue' guess who's back (Hi mom!)
Guess who's back
Gue' guess who's back
D-12, Guess who's back
Gue' gue' gue' gue' guess who's back
Dr. Dre, Guess who's back
Back back, back
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt, fuck

Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
To pop pills and smoke pot 'til they brains rot (uh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make 'em fear you 'fore you make 'em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'm a come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!

I like happy things,
I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things
That make me happy and gleeful (he he he)
Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
While I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
'Cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)

How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
When they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight, cause your wife
Said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
'Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!

I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it
(Aw that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit
(What? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
So fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had aid y'all would play it
'Cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin' when I say it
Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uh)
She's still alive and bitchin' (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin'
It's not syphilis, and as for being aids infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!

(Ha ha ha ha)
I told you I was Shady!
(Ha ha)

Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!
And that's my name

I found a love for me
Darling just dive right in
And follow my lead
Well I found a girl beautiful and sweet 
I never knew you were the someone waiting for me
'Cause we were just kids when we fell in love

Not knowing what it was
I will not give you up this time
But darling, just kiss me slow, your heart is all I own
And in your eyes you're holding mine

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
When you said you looked a mess, I whispered underneath my breath
But you heard it, darling, you look perfect tonight

Well I found a woman, stronger than anyone I know
She shares my dreams, I hope that someday I'll share her home
I found a love, to carry more than just my secrets
To carry love, to carry children of our own
We are still kids, but we're so in love
Fighting against all odds
I know we'll be alright this time
Darling, just hold my hand
Be my girl, I'll be your man
I see my future in your eyes

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
When I saw you in that dress, looking so beautiful
I don't deserve this, darling, you look perfect tonight

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
I have faith in what I see
Now I know I have met an angel in person
And she looks perfect
I don't deserve this
You look perfect tonight

Life
By Marshal Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
In front of your optical to slow you down

And every time you think you gotten past it
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies, with secret identities
And disguises, to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
They want to come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'

What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearing that they was always down

What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and many things
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
Tired of being fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics

If I had a magic wand,
I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on,
While I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough,
Because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass
For the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home
To have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a B-M
Tired of not working at G-M, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol P-M
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blond whore
After work in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns

Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Saying they wasn't feeling me when nobody's as ill as me
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-be	 saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john

If I had a million bucks
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
Robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass
For the whole world to kiss
You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin'?
Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
Just fed up
That's my word

I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed
'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head
Bust a nut, get some rest
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed
He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck
I bet you he's fakin' it, I bet you
I bet he probably just want's to see how upset you would get
I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"
"Ahh go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!

"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong
Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah mainiac, that's Shady dog
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!

Don't you know what felch means? Yeah, well then tell me
Would you rather get felched or do the felching
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping
Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping
"Shady what the fuck you saying?" I don't know help me!
What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being"
No Dad, I said no, I don't need no help peeing
I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me
She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"

If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!

WHOOOO!!!
Hey, how you guys doin.
You want more?
Alright, then SHUT UP!!!

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop

Girl (girl, girl, girl)
Your My World (world, world world)
Your My Girl (girl, girl girl)
Your my world, world world.

Here's a song for da ladies.

"Eminem!"

"No!"

"Eminem!"

"No!"

(Laughs "wake the fuck up, motherfucker!"

"What do you want from me??"

"Remember me?"

"I killed you!"

"Thought I was dead, didn't you?"

"What do you want from me?!"

"I'm alive!"

"Oh, god!"

"Get up!"

"No"

"Get up and look in the mirror!"

"I don't want to!"

"Look in the mirror to see your reflection"

"Leave me alone!"

"Look in the mirror! You're nothing! You're nothing without me!
Look in the motherfucking mirror!!!"

"Leave me the fuck alone!!"

(feat. P. Diddy, Eminem, Obie Trice)

Ih.. ih, ih (it has been)
It has been, it has been, it has been
It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed
Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?}
Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead
Money power respect, street cred, yeah
It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh}
Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners
Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners
Notorious tried to warn us
We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha}
Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap
Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact
these tragic events, which lead us back
To where we left off on March 9th
To come from such hard knock lifes
And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights
And, once they're on us this is our lives
Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us
to see who can last the longest
And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh}
In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from
It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin
Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies
And applies to his persona or the sizes
in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people
To the point that you know that he's gangster
He ain't just say shit, you just believe it

Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big
I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?}
It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn
This I took in, sent chills through my skin
Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him
It's what excited Obie to write these poems
Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken
Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies
When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah}
Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind
Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind
Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind
Get up out the system, who could give him better signs
No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes
So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh}
That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I.

I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind
Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time
I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed
Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess
Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?}
All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion
And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is
The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace...
This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna
And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother...
On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah}
And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact
An immaculate concept, extravagant progress
Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless"
Regardless to critics yellin that East/West
I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh}
And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual
Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally!
I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest
Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga!

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be black, white or albino, yeah
You can have corn rows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think we just don't say it, then I won't say it
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep makin' them tired old threads
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf, yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go bad
From outta nowhere, you might find your career
Come to it, and I was like (Oh Yeah)

See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)

Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep comin' back, it only means you know you lost a fight
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it
'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like 'Go get 'em'
And I'm just like 'Why your tryin' to fight momentum?'
We just keep winnin', by landslides oh and umm
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiyaa''
We ain't wire your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her
Right in the ass with KY, Yes sir!
So full of joy, why am I absurd
Even Chingy would tell you
'Yea boi don't curr'

See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)

Yo' homie got clapped on, man I don't care
The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is dawg, man life's not fair
Yo' friends shoulda known not to front 'round here
You see kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear
They'll strip yo ass, of your jewels, right here
Man I'm a say this one time, now get this clear
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where
A beautiful day, without drama is rare
Yo' girl's a freak, man sometime we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You probably heard about me, I'm a shown up playa
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor
Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'
I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin'
I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin'

See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)

Whoa!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is, what you thought it wasn't
It beez, the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G 
And check out the man he goes by the name of er

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M-eighty, you Little like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin' up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus]
So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuck!

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milk bone
I'm Everlasting, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up dis you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll dis your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' your dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you fittin' to get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuck!

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' the jewel, I'm flippin' the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin' "Fuck the world" like Tupac
I just don't give a fuck!
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you fittin' to get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuck!

Hey, fuck that!
Outsiders
Pace one
Young Zee

OK
Guess who's back
Back again
Shady's back
Tell a friend

Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor, alright stop
Pajama time
Come here little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap
And I don't mean rap, as in a new case
Of child molestation accusation aah aah aah aah aah
No worries, pappa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise, I done touched on everything,
But little boys
And that's not a stab at Micheal, that's just a metaphor,
I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide, up the center of the dance floor
Like T-P for my bung hole and it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know who'd hear it
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK
Oops my C-D just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip,

Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,
Yeah boy shake that ass,
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah

It's Friday and it's my day, chance to party
All the way to Sunday, maybe till Monday, I dunno what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Crusin' on the freeway feelin' kinda breezy
Get the top down, let my hair blow,
I dunno where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there, someones gonna touch my body
Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out, yeah
Now what's your name girl, what's your sign?
Man, you must be up out your mind
Dre aah aah, beer goggles, blind, I'm just trying to unwind, now I'm

Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,
Yeah boy shake that ass,
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah

It's Tuesday and I'm locked up,
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was running butt naked
Down the street screaming aah aah aah aah aah
Your honor I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much, I'm not guilty
They said save it boy, we got you on tape
Telling an old lady to "touch my body"
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real tense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Now step back to reality, look it's B.Rabbit, you signed me up to battle?
I'm a grown man chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba
I don't have any lines to go right here so
Duba duba teletubie fella's what? fella's yeah?
Grab you left (nut), make right one jealous what?
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls, tall girls, small girls,
I'm calling all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor, it's your chance for a little romance or
Butt squeezing it's the season
Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasin'

Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,
Yeah boy shake that ass,
Oops I mean girl
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah

Mm touch my body
Mm touch my body
Ooh boy just touch my body
I mean girl just touch my body

Baby, your da-da loves you
And I'mma always be here for you no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we going to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's taking a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell? Da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinking - it's kind of late to go swimming
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you acting bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eating
Dinner while you were sweeping and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
And me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us, and when we ride! Just you and I!

See honey: there's a place called "heaven" and a place called "hell"
A place called "prison" and a place called "jail"
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nahhh)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now, we'll just say mama was real, real bad
She was being mean to dad and made him real, real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit trying to climb out!
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Da-da change your didee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 Bonnie and Clyde: me and my daughter

Just the two of us, and when we ride! Just you and I!

Wake up, sweepyhead we're here, before we pway
We're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screaming in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free
One, two, free, whee! (woosh!)
There goes mama, splashing in the water
No more fighting with dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you wuv her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us, and when we ride! Just you and I!

Call this mother fucker

Oh fuck yeah
Give em a piece of my mind,
A piece of my ass

(Thanks for waiting, this is, may I help you?)

Oh thank you
I need to make a collect call

(What number?)

Oh
The numbers 62,
(At the tone, please say your name.)

Kennith Kaniff, from Connecticut.
Automated piece of shit

Yo

Hey there cockboy.
Who's this?
This is Ken Kannif
Who?
Ken kannif from Connecticut, little bitch.
From Connecticut?
Yeah you wanna get a
I don't know nobody in Connecticut.
You wanna get a hotel room with me?
A hotel room?
Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, Eminem?
Ha, yo, wh, who is this? Cage?
Hey, pa ha
You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand?
Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy.
(Laugh) yo shut up you little bitch.
Oh you think I'm lyin', huh?
Ha ha

And everyone should get along,
OK children quiet down, quiet down 
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day 
His name is Mr. Shady 
Children quiet down please 
Brian don't throw that (shut up!) 
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
While Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (he's got aids!) 
Good luck Mr. Shady 
 
Hi there little boys and girls
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels 
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) 
Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom 
And he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot 
But his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot 
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot 
And wait in the parkin' lot for waitresses off the clock 
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog 
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks 
And even if they escaped and they got the cops 
The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 
Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job 
When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk 
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off 
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker 
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka 
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr." 
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her 
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her 
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander 
They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner 
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana, 
And what it might do to you 
So see if the squirrels want any, it's bad for you 
 
[Chorus]
See children, drugs are bad (c'mon) 
And if you don't believe me, ask ya dad (ask him man) 
And if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right) 
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) 
So kids say no to drugs (that's right) 
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh) 
Then there's really nothin' else to say (sing along) 
Drugs are just bad, O-K? 
 
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?) 
Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? 
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world 
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it 
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid 
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back 
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back 
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold 
And decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys 
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it 
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyper-drive 
And his eyes roll back in his skull 
His back starts tah, look like the McDonald's Arches 
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin'
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him 
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!" 
Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny 
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money 
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over 
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin' yoga 
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac 
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you 
 
[Chorus]
 
And last but not least, one of the most humongous 
Problems among young people today, is fungus 
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, 
Bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it 
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff 
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em.. 
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?) 
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair 
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire 
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?) 
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms 
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus 
Ya tongue gets, all swoll' up like a cow's tongue (How come?) 
Cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!) 
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact 
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!) 
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D. 
They're gonna come for me and I'm a have to grow a goatee 
And get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault 
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 
Cause I'm bad for you 
 
[Chorus] 
 
Come on children, clap along (shut up!) 
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin' dick!) 
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!) 
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin' penis!) 
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!) 
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! (stern)fart(stern) Ew, ah!) 
(So, fucked up, right now)

And everyone should get along
Okay children quiet down, quiet down 
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day 
His name is Mr. Shady 

Children quiet down please 
Brian don't throw that (Shut up!) 
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
While Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (He's got aids!) 
Good luck Mr. Shady 
 
Hi there little boys and girls (fuck you!) 
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels 
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) 
Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom 
And he don't got a job, 'cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot 
But his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot 
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot 
And wait in the parkin' lot for waitresses off the clock 
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog 
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (ah!) 
And even if they escaped and they got the cops 
The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 
'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job 
When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk 
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off 
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker 
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka 
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr." 
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her 
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her 
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander 
They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner 
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana, 
And what it might do to you 
So see if the squirrels want any, it's bad for you 
 
[Chorus] 
See children, drugs are bad (come on) 
And if you don't believe me, ask ya dad (ask him man) 
And if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right) 
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will) 
So kids say no to drugs (that's right) 
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh) 
Then there's really nothin' else to say (sing along) 
Drugs are just bad, okay? 
 
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?) 
Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? 
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world 
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it 
Kids two hits will probably drain all your spinal fluid 
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back 
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back 
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold 
And decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys 
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it 
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyper drive 
And his eyes roll back in his skull  
His back starts to, look like the McDonald's Arches 
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin' 
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him 
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!" 
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny 
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money 
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over 
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin' yoga 
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac 
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you 
 
[Chorus] 
 
And last but not least, one of the most humongous 
Problems among young people today, is fungus 
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, 
Bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it 
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff 
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em.. 
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?) 
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair 
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire 
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?) 
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms 
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus 
Ya tongue gets, all swoll' up like a cow's tongue (How come?) 
'Cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!) 
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact 
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!) 
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D. 
They're gonna come for me and I'ma  have to grow a goatee 
And get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault 
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 
'Cause I'm bad for you 
 
[Chorus]

Come on children, clap along (Shut up!) 
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin' dick!) 
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!) 
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin' penis!) 
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! God dammit!) 

(Mushrooms killed Kenny!  
(So, fucked up, right now)

When I just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit
Cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't goin' shoot you
I'm a pull you to this bullet, and put it through you
Shut up slut, you're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore,
Snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You god damn right bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, Vrinn!
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

Bitch I'm a kill you! You don't want to fuck with me
Girls leave, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'm a kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't goin' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef

You better kill me!  I'm a be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't a said
But when they kill me I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too!  You ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't, want to fuck with Shady (cause why?)
'Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you (ah-ha ha)
I said you don't, want to fuck with Shady (why?)
'Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you

Bitch I'm a kill you!  Like a murder weapon, I'm a conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryin' to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
It ain't acid rap, I just rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops!  Is that a subliminal hint?  No!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No! Eminem insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth

Bitch I'm a kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
In a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hidin' murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

Bitch I'm a kill you! You don't want to fuck with me
Girls leave, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'm a kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't goin' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef

Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
Cause lady's screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
This eighty G's a week to say the same things threece!
Twice?  Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots!  I hope the weed will outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?
Fuck that!  I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathin' I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play
I go the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throat ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
Til I have you at knife point, then you beg me to stop?
Shut up!  Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me!

Bitch I'm a kill you! You don't want to fuck with me
Girls leave, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'm a kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't goin' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef

Ha ha ha, I'm just playin' ladies
You know, I love you

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You gon' make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

In my eyes
Even if you are wrong, you are right
Even if there is a terrible crime
It's alright, 'cause I got your back, and I know you got mine
I belong to the church of your name
Sing a song, 'cause I worship the ground you walk on
If I pray for you, I know you'll be there
You gon' make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You gon' make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

In my bed I believe every word that you've said
Just a kiss and you make me forget
All the bad, the battles we lost, the bodies we hid
You don't know, just how far I'd be willing to go
You put the cracks into my moral code
So you can count on me to always be there

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You gon' make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

Oh, Lord, forgive my weary hands
And for what they may do
I'll carry out his evil plans
If he wants me to

In your dream, you're drowning, I just waltzed in and saved you
I'm your alternate escape route, the altar you pray to
Your ultimate savior, your behavior is altered
Ain't your fault 'cause I made you
Brainwashed and persuade you
Gibraltar, you're faithful, never falter or waver
When you causing the danger I'm your guardian angel
Nobody can tell you shit, you've already made your
Mind just follow me, babe, you
Won't be sorry you stayed, you
Always ride, whatever the plan is
To the end, even if I led us into an ambush
Even if we robbed the First National and cops caught us redhanded
They're coming at us, and we're trapped, put our backs up
Against the wall, and it's too tall
You catapult me or hold the ladder for me
Stay back to get captured, take the fall
You make it all worth it
Baby doll, you're perfect the way you are
Accidents happen
All I know is you love me, that's really all that matters
And any who cross our paths are just collateral damage
At your side, got your lateral, back, your front, diagonal Backwards, blackbirds, we attack like animals
When they threaten what we have it's a natural reaction
You lay a bitch flat on her back in a second flat for me
Who tries to take your man from you
It's blasphemy, another casualty, you'll go whatever route
Whatever you have to do, you blast for me
I never doubt
That you

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You gon' make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

Aw look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy baby
Little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now you're two
Baby you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

(Okay)
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's a matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad bitch, your gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You want to throw me out? that's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out you're mind?
This couch, this T-V, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!

(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! you're never going to get away at this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well I can't just leave 'ey alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well I will you'll be in the trunk

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't want to go on
Living in this world without you

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't want to go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh God my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah bite me
Kim, Kim!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
(It's not that!)
No you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I hate you! I hate you!
I swear to god I hate you
Oh my God I love you
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't want to go on
Living in this world without you

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't want to go on
Living in this world without you

Come on get out
(I can't I'm scared)
I said get out bitch!
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this baby)
(Please I love you, look we can just take Hallie and leave)
Fuck you, you did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh my God I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adams apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've, hey! where you going? get back here!
You can't run from me Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! ha! got you!
(Ah!)
Ha! go ahead yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
Ah somebody help!
Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin' to you
You were supposed to love me
Now bleed! bitch bleed!
Bleed! bitch bleed! bleed!

So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't want to go on
Living in this world without you

"Shady!" 
"That's me" 

"Iron Mic Trilogy" 
"Back, with the fliest material" 

"Sh, Sh, Shady!" 
"That, that, that's me" 

"Iron Mic Trilogy" 
"Back with the, funky, beats" 

Packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopes 
They trade in their high tops for night sized white rocks 
Words in my right, they pass my left ear 
It's solid decked out write the books for next year 
Bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin 
Who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin'
Tough guy, DJ Travi your high rise 
Looking more like Ronald then the fuckin fry guys 
Go on uptown fucking senoritas 
In Taco Bell screaming "vivas gorditas!" 
Bring all your dogs I give em rabies 
They never had a chance I might chew up all their babies 

Pope John Paul the second, brain like Satan 
Have your vegan girlfriend cooking up bacon 
I'm obituite with that shit that you hit 
Slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her 

My nine is limpin' ya six deep when I spray rounds 
Hit you with twelve shots in mid air and four more on the way down 
The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground 
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!) 
No pun intended, snapped out of your whip 
And leave it un-attended before I whip out this gun and hit it 
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute 
Cause I can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it 
Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it 
You wanted a market, I got her tied up in a chair and gag 
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged 
Like cave-women, while I'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man 

If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 

And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 

If you got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 

I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
Threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it 

Yo, "Eon's whack now", how you dig that? 
Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap 
Get the greater rate with these rhymes I be totin' 
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem 
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips 
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak 
To the point when you stand up on your feet {you} best retreat 
Let's go back in time and steal my whole seed 
The quickening, did a briss at the christening
I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage 
This thing's the nicest, I keep telling you 
What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you? 

I'm e-mailing you, at the wrong website 
Misspelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you 
Escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse 
Disperse like I added too many words in a verse 
Slim Shady, a perverted virgin at birth {or "version of birth"} 
Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church 
The first person searching the earth for the motherfucker 
That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first 
You don't curse and hit with your own words 
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves 
And if I don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up 
Then I'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all!) 

If y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit ("gimmie that") 

And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone 
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast I'm gonna detach it 

So if you got a bowl of has better cash it 
Dollar signs flashin' I'ma take the last hit 

I'm flabbergasted off two tabs of acid 
Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it 

Any disease out there I'm willing to catch it,
Slim Shady
All praises 
To the High & Mighty 

"Slim Shady" 
"naughty rotten rhymer" 

"Mr. Eon" 
"illest rhyme dropper" 

"Slim Shady" 
"naughty rotten rhymer" 

"Mr. Eon" 
"illest rhyme dropper" 

"Slim Shady" 
"n', nau', naughty, ro', ro', rotten rhyme, rhyme, rhy', rhymer" 

"Mr. Eon" 
"illest rhyme drop, drop, drop, dro', dro', rhyme dropper"

[Intro: Fat Joe] 
Owwwwww!!!! yeah! my niggaz 
Throw your hands in the air right now man 
Feel this shit right here! Scott Storch nigga 
Yeah Khalid I see you nigga 
Show Big Pun love! Uh! Yeah! Uh! Yo! 

[Verse 1: Fat Joe] 
I don't give a fuc* about your faults or mishappens nigga 
We from the Bronx, New York, shit happens 
Kids clappin, love to spark the place 
Half the niggaz in the squad got a scar on their face 
It's a cold world and this is ice 
Half a mill for the charm, nigga this is life 
Got the Phantom in front of the buildin, Trinity Ave 
Ten years been legit, they still figure me bad 
As a young'n - was too much to cope with 
Why you think ? mu'fuckers nicknamed me Cook Coke shit Shoulda been called Armed Robbery 
Extortion, or maybe Grand Larceny 
I did it all, I put the pieces to the puzzle 
Just as long, I knew me and my peoples was 'gon bubble 
Came out the gate on some Flow Joe shit 
Fat nigga with the shotty was the logo kid! 

[Chorus: Fat Joe] 
Said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants 
And do the rockaway, 
now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back 
I said my niggaz don't dance we just pull up our pants 
And do the rockaway, 
now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back 
(Come on!) 

[Verse 2: Remy Martin] 
are to the Eazy, M to the Wizzi 
My arms stay breezy, the Don stay fizzi 
Got a date at 8, I'm in the 7-40-fizzive 
And I just bought a bike so I can ride till I die 
With a matchin jacket, 'bout to cop me a mansion 
My niggaz in the club, but you know they not dancin 
We gangsta, and gangstas don't dance with boogies 
So never mind how we got in here with burners and hoodies 
Listen we don't pay admission and the bouncers don't check us 
And we - walk around the metal detectors 
And there really ain't a need for a VIP section 
In the middle of the dance floor reckless, check it 
Said he - liked my necklace, started relaxin 
Now that's what the fuc* I call a chain reaction 
See "Money Ain't a Thing" nigga, we still the same niggaz 
Flows just changed now we bout to change the game nigga 

[Repeat Chorus] 

[Verse 3: Fat Joe] 
Now we living better now, Coogi sweater now 
And that G4 can fly through any weather now 
See, niggaz get tight when you worth some millions 
This is why I sport the chinchilla to hurt they feelings 
You can find Joe Crack at all type of shit 
Out in Vegas front row to all the fights and shit 
If Five-o boy come, then they'd proudly squeal 
Cause half these rappers they Blow like Derek Pharrell 
If you cross the line, damn right I'm 'gon hurt ya 
These faggot niggaz even made gang signs commercial 
Even Lil' Bow Wow throwin it up 
B2K crip walkin like that's what's up! 
Kay keep tellin me to speak about the Rucker 
Matter of fact, I don't want to speak about the Rucker 
Not even Pee Wee Kirkland could imagine this 
My niggaz didn't have to play to win the championship, come on! 

[Repeat Chorus] 

[Outro: Fat Joe] 
Ha! ha! yeah! (Can you hear me?!) 
Bronx, BX borough, Terror Squad, uh (Ha!) 
Big Pun forever, Tone Montana forever 
Uh! Yeah! Streets is ours, come on 
Nah man, it ain't never gon stop 
Search Raul JB, Fat Ant come on Uh

Creepin' down the back street on these
I got my glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
ya want to make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
with their fucking heads cut off, motherfucker i'm Dre
so listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches, clockin' all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by, 'cause I'm too hard to lift
and no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfucking D-are-E, from the CPT
on a ryhmin' spree, a straight G
Hop back as i pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo')
with all the niggas saying

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
with all the niggas saying
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

just another motherfucking day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just
that gangster glare, with gangster raps
that gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps, 
word to the motherfucking streets
and word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats, that I
hit ya with that I, get ya with
as I groove in my four on these, hitting the switches
bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
bumping like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
but before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Reme Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smelling like indo-nesia
bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
on my dick, cause my four on hit
pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah
(Rollin in my six-fo') with all the bitches sayin

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
with all the niggas saying
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
on my way to the strip, now I'm just flossing
Checking my rear view, cause niggas they will do
jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
but I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynching but I just watch them hang
so on, and so-on, why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak, now everybody
peeping out they windows when they hear me beating up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say, every single motherfucking day, yo
But I ain't tripping I'm just kicking it
While my D's keep spinning and these hoes keep grinning I'll be
(Rollin in my six-fo') With everybody saying

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
with all the niggas saying
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down,
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win but the battle wages on for toy soldiers

I'm suppose to be the soldier, who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never suppose to show it, my crew ain't suppose to know it
Even if it means going toe to toe with the Benzino, it don't matter
I never drag 'em in battles that I can handle less I absolutely have to
I'm suppose to set an example, I need to be the leader
My crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever just pop off I'm suppose to be beside 'em
That Ja shit, I tried to squashed it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line, you just don't cross it, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit went way beyond some Jay Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
I'm so caught it I almost feel like I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in Hip Hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I want to destroy something I helped build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career with out ever mentioning
And that's just outta respect, for not running my mouth
And talking about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, just wasn't my beef, So I did
I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth while he's all over TV
Now I'm talking a man who literally saved my life, like fuck it
I understand, this is business and this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowing this shit could pop off at any minute cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down, like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win but the battle wages on for toy soldiers

It used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dying
But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it
Shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more, is it
It's a different ball game, call names and you ain't just rapping
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happening
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja' start yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck 'em 50, smash him, mash him, and let him have it
Meanwhile my intentions pulled me in other directions
Some receptionist said the source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks
That I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust of his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it got a grudge against me for nothing but fuck it
That motherfucker can get it too, fuck 'em then
But I'm so busy being pissed off, I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc
And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line that's willing to die for us
As soon as we give the orders, never to extort us
Strictly to show they support us
Maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus to show we love 'em back
And to let 'em know how important it is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more then any award is
But I ain't trying to have none of my people hurt or murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Then to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all before I'll let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coping
I'm just willing to be the bigger man
If y'all can quit popping off at the jaws with the knocking
'Cause frankly I'm sick of talking
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause

Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down, like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win but the battle wages on for toy soldiers

Look
If you had
One shot
Or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted
In one moment
Would you capture it
Or just let it slip?

Yo
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' now
The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow!
Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? No
He won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropes
It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke
He's so stacked that he knows, when he goes back to his mobile home, that's when its
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

The souls escaping, through this hole that its gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is borin', but super stardom's close to post mortar
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no mo, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmo who flows, he nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna, but the beat goes on
Da da dumb da dumb da da

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

No more games, I'm a change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepwritin' the next cipher
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine to
Five and I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family 'cause man, these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers
And its no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer
This is my life and these times are so hard
And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus
See dishonor caught up between bein' a father and a prima-donna
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much
For me to want to say in one spot, another jam or not
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got
To formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failures not
Mom, I love you, but this trail has got to go, I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go is my shot
Feet fail me not 'cause maybe the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better

You can do anything you set your mind to, man

I never meant to...
Give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to...
Bring you to my world

And now you're lying
The corner cry-y-y-iiiiing

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife, in my windpipe
I can't breathe, but I still fight, while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight
High off of love drunk from my hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love it the more that I suffer
I suffocate and right before I'm about to drown
She resuscitates me, she fucking hates me,
And I love it, wait
Where you going, I'm leaving you
No you ain't, come back
We're running right back, here we go again
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great
I'm Superman, with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad, it's awful
I feel so ashamed, I snapped, who's that dude
I don't even know his name, I laid hands on her
I'll never stoop so low again, I guess I don't know my own strength

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

You ever love somebody so much
You can barely breathe, when you're with them, you meet
And neither one of you, even know what hit 'em,
Got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah them chills, used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick, of looking at 'em
You swore you've never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em,
Now you're in each others face,
Spewing venom, and these words, when you spit 'em
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em,
Throw 'em down, pin 'em, so lost in the moments, when you're in 'em
It's the rage that's the culprit, it controls you both
So they say it's best, to go your separate ways,
Guess that they don't know ya 'cause today, that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records, playin' over, but you promised her
Next time you'll show restraint
You don't get another chance,
Life is no Nintendo game, but you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave,
Out the window, guess that's why they call it window pane

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Now I know we said things, did things
That we didn't mean and we fall back into the same patterns
Same routine, but your temper's just as bad, as mine is
You're the same as me, but when it comes to love, you're just as blinded
Baby please come back, it wasn't you,
Baby it was me, maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens When a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much, to walk away now
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity, in my voice when I talk,
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall
Next time, there will be no next time
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back, I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'm a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from
"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from

Warning, this shit's gon' be rated R, Restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self inflicted
Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo
(Murder-murder, redrum)
Brain size of a bread crumb, which drug will I end up dead from?
Inebriated 'til my stress is alleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and Shady be related?"
Illiterate, illegitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out, killed the bitch and did her
Used to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was littler
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fucking Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler, didn't ya?
Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from
"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from

I lace tunes, I'm out this world like space moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like graze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippets
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'mma let your grandpa hit it, mix it up with cocaine so he can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb
Or any alcoholic beverage, losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage, smoked out like Eckrich
Bandage making my neck itch, what the fuck? Give me the check bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap dips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitch's ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from
"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from

My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Blitz ya like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got me swinging, bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with broken English
Make your mama be like "Ooh, this is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit"
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic, living off liquid Triaminic
Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much Anacin
Frozen mannequin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for an IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon' come is 2Pac
It's politics, it's all a fix, set up by these white blue-collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music with a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from
"I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed"
I'm low down and I'm shifty!
And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from

You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm sellin' records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe 'em somethin'
The fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

You see I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody want to run they mouth
And take shots at me (take shots at me)

Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
You might see me walkin' a dead rottweiler dog
With it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin' at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin'
Or leanin' out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Lookin' for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
Blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge thinkin' of Chris Wallace
Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that should of been there's like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches
I had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin
Startin' shit like some twenty-six-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
With instincts to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to whylin' out and bein' violent?
Whatever happened to catchin' a good-ol' fashioned
Passionate ass-whoopin' and gettin' your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy-girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you fagots in public
I'm a love it (ha ha ha)

Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (he he)
A bunch of little kids want to swear just like me
And run around screamin', "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in fagots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves "Clowns" cause they look queer
Fagot you to Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin' punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' fagots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(Ah!) Ducked down and got paint balls shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' Mile Road, south of ten
And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females
In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming fagots!

'Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you want to run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blond mop that's on top
And this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a three sixty
Now these kids dis me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with M-C Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin'
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter you fagot!
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
All the sudden, I got ninety-some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on T-V
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Uh, here, double X-L, double X-L
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ah fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody want to run they mouth
And take shots at me (take shots at me)

'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
All they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody want to run they mouth
And take shots at me (take shots at me)

Maxine!

Hello 
Can I speak to Maxine? 
Yeah this is me what's up? 
What up? 

Who dis? 
Denaun 
Yeah what's up? 
What are you doing? 

Nothing just laying in bed 
Huh? 
Nothing just laying in bed 
Why? 

I don't know thinking about something freaky to do 

I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine 
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean 
Plus she got a sugar daddy 
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly 

If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation 
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation 
When you step away son, she got her face done 
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if 

You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you 
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice 
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency 
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee 

Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it 
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!) 

Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is 
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit 
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night 
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down 

And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be 
You say you want to be with me, but how can you say that 
When you got niggas hiding in your closet 
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely 

I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me 
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies 
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number 

I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch.. 
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga 
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands 
And said "Oh it's like that?" 

She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit 
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit 
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number 
She asked could I give her mine too 

Got to the crib and called her up 
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck 
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out" 

Got to the crib she let me in 
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom 
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things.
What the fuck are you doing?" 

So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing 
As she went for my midsection 
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt 
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work 

Before I hit it she said 
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass" 
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok" 
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS" 
I got up out 

Hey, Maxine 
What 
You thinking about sucking my dick? 
Yeah for a small price 

For a small price? What you mean? 
You know, money nigga 
You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit. 

What you, what you hear I got? 
AIDS 
Who told you that bullshit? 
My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie 

Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then 
Oh for real, it's like that? 
Well I ain't got shit, 
So he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga 

Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you 
No, see.. 
You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you 
Hold on, why it ain't even like that 

I want ya'll to get paid, fucking

Oh, my goodness
What have I done (oh no)
I can't believe it
It's like I've got the whole world
In my palm
And I'm ready to drop bombs

Welcome to the slim shady mecca Rebbecca
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
It's my sector homosexual dissector
Come again rewind selector
I said nice rectum
I had a vasectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lector in the guy sex and I bet ya
I tantalize ya in the less than five seconds I get ya
They said once bitten n twice shy
We lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra
Boxes of ripped condoms and quantities why yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills for my dresser
It's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester
Drop, kick the bits before a second trimester
Performed a home abortion with Dexter the ni yeser
Dig a fetus out with a wire hanging then digest her

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends

All my west side bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy queef and blow it up
Man I think that he just fell off the teeth and showin' up
So you better change the station
To keep from throwin' up
Man you seen it all before your alter a million with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't
I won right by the Pussy Cat Dolls "When call you kitten"
I'll pee on Rihanna see man I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room
Crazy glue in Madonna to
The lazy boy so called fold her in two and sit on her
Imagine if visual for that man
Who woulda thought
Could ever be such a relentless prick
And leashin' his fingers
For the chicks who waltz
She looks like she outlived her life sentence
I never meant this, rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be
Your so sensitive

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends

Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and knee him right into quick sand
Here you need a hand big man grab hold of this branch
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words, jeez
So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the first please
(Chrisopher Reeves) Eminem I'm coming to kill you (sniff)
Always hated you and I still do
You'll never feel my chumps my superman costume (sniff)
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you
You taking this shit too far (sniff)
Who do you think you are hang my suit up in the armoir
Everyday I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Lets break down you think your hardcore

I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
The world is just my medicine ball your all in
I said
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pin
How should I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends

Whoah!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
And like, back and forth because ah
This is.. what you thought it wasn't
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The Proof is in the puddin', just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin' Fuck the World like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin' Fuck the World like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

So when you see me on your block with two Glocks
Screamin' Fuck the World like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
Tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
'Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!

Outro: Eminem

Hey, fuck that!
Outsidaz..
Pace One..
Young Zee

I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America
And to the Republic for which it stands
One nation under God
Indivisible?
It feels so good to be back

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel  re-energize and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight, you take it as I'm a whip someone's ass
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft
Slash entrepreneur who has held onto few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career typical manure moving past that
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act
Rubber band man, yea he just snaps back

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

All the people up top on the side and the middle
Come together lets all form and swamp just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather
If it rains let it rain, yea the wetter the better
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever
They tell us no we say yea, they tell us stop we say go
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let em know
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon)

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us
Mosh pits outside the oval office
Someone's tryna tell us something,
Maybe this is god just sayin' we're responsible
For this monster, this coward,
That we have empowered
This is bin Laden, look at his head noddin'
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists
Now this is our final hour
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six

Teen million people, Are equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach Al-Queda through my speech
Let the president answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an Ak-forty seven, let him go, fight his own war
Let him impress daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil
No more psychological warfare, to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero
Look in his eyes its all lies
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, Mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight you know why,
'Cause I told you to fight.

Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh
Take us right through the doors (c'mon)

And as we proceed,
To Mosh through this desert storm,
In these closing statements, if they should argue
Let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And Mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President, Mr. Senator?
Do you guy's hear us? hear us? (Hailie)

Mr. Mathers?
Mr. Mathers?
Mr. Mathers?
Mr. Mathers, can you hear my voice?
Okay, he's not responding
I'm gonna need an eighteen-gauge
Left A-C right away

B-P is ninety over twelve
Respiration's at eight
Okay, I'm tubing him

D-M-C, this is medic forty-one

Medic forty-one, this is D-M-C base, go ahead

He's cold
Spike him back and grab the back board

Okay, got it
On three
One, two, three
Let's move

Detroit, Motown
Hey guess what, they gave us the this year, and you know what happened?

Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)
Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)

Hennied up, ginnied up, ski mask, black truck
Dickey outfit, passenger side (pistol grip pump)
Fuck it I just did two lines, a chrome tech nine, it'll tear out niggaz spines
It's a party, go on in and have fun, 'cause after it's over
All you gon' hear is *gunshot* run nigga run nigga
Shootin', blastin', hittin' the floor
Ten-thousand in the safe, shit I'm 'bout to score
Cause I'm dangerous, off angeldust, shit I'll bust
Even the nigga that came with us
And this is for my nigga's that be robbin' and stealin'
Carjackin', murder one's, and fuckin' drug dealin'!

Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)
Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)

I stumble in the club blowed up, nine millimeter cocked
Something's telling me to stop, fuck it I don't see the cops
Nigga's don't believe until they see it's out
Stupid motherfuckers want to take the scenic route, now the heater's out
Bitches scream like I pulled my penis out
Beggin' me to put that big motherfucker away, but the demon's out
Everybody on the floor, come out of that
Come out of them diamonds and you come out of that velor
The party is over, shut the fuck down, cut the music
Matter of fact turn it back up shit I could use it (ohhhhh)
I need the noise in case I have to let a couple off
Saw another icey chain, walked over and tugged it off
Give me that butter soft, and since you buyin' out the bar
You can buy my drinks for today and tomorrow
I'm out for the paper, my homie better hide the jewels
I'm in the game starvin', and I ain't playin' buy the rules nigga

Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)
Robbin', shootin', killin', murder (murdaaaaa, murdaaaaa)

Sh-sh-sh-shaaaaaady!

Yo, yeah girl,
Can you hear that? It's playing our song
Are you sleepy? Take a nap
You're not afraid of the dark? Are you?

You hear the beat as it makes ya not wanna go to sleep
I knock on Dakota's door, its locked so I go to creep
Round the back, with binoculars, not cause I wanna peep
But because I'm hungry she smells like tacos I wanna eat
Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet
With sugar plums, oh look here comes Marshall he's on your street
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet
Now walk on 'em, he's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek
Like a Thanksgiving turkey, or holiday ham
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam
Flavor my favorite graham crackers with Jon Benet Ramsey
I guess a modern day Jack the Ripper is all that I am

(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we're world's apart, you mean the world to me (My music box)
If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won't you be my private little dancer (My music box)

I almost look comatose, who wants to be sober gross
I foam like a Doberman, mouth open I overdose
Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes and I plug my nose
My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know
I put on my mother's make up, get naked and run around
Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds
There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out
The devils upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out
I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house
They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box
Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do, it's locked
I pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts
I dig till I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts
Its playing a song, so beautiful and the room is dark
The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park

(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we're world's apart, you mean the world to me (My music box)
If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won't you be my private little dancer (My music box)

I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's
Neck like a pixie stick
The sick Satan worshippin', bitches get horse-whippin's,
I'm in the back, through the back door, slip in
Through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin'
The mortician of love, sent from above,
Forced and treat 'em all ? stingy I've become
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century, I'm just numb
Am I dreamin', is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns
The time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the ladder
I'd had enough of the chatter, climb up to the window, look at her
Then climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and batter her
With the bat, a matter of fact that will splatter her
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her
Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like Tabatha
I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya
So strong is your fight, but your no match for Dracula
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her
Zoom in with the lens, then pan back, the camera
Stand back, cause here comes your man Jack, so Pamela

(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we're world's apart, you mean the world to me (My music box)
If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won't you be my private little dancer (My music box)

Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh

I feel like dancing
I feel like dancing

I smell something in the air that's making me (high)
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high

Ok here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, I'm so la-di-da so
Lyrical rise flow, give back the tobasco
You motherfuckers mustsanot know the tic tac songs
Time to show you the mo kick ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe a sick asshole
She tac toe frozen six pack with exacto
Knives, strangling wives with pig lasso
Few bags of the the grass, zig zags, I'm with the doc so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison, the boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home my novato (novice)
This is niether the time or the place to get macho
So crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn, and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, tho what you thought though
Bout time to you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind

Your dreams of getting the pill, you are literally getting the chills
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still, I'm admitting, I'm beginning to feel
Like I don't think anyone's real,
Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dali Llama and become a bin gramma a step beyond a Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me mama, you lookin sexy mama,
Don't know if this the lala or the rum and pepsi mama
Don't want to end up inside my refrigerator freezer,
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row,
Put em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper,
Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper,
Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped,
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model the make the plate
And which motel which lake they found her in,
And how they attacked the victim,
Say which murder weapon was used to do what and which one,
Which night it was done, what kid would write there was none,
So sloppy like this it's fun, the fuckin ecstasy goes

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

When I'm behind a mic dynamite is what it's kinda like
Get stuck with that same stick that you're trying to light
Behind the boards is Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric syrup sign for your symptoms
Heres a dosage of the antidote now you give him some,
He can give her some, she can give him some
Get behind a lynn drum, make up a beat and kill the sucka syndrome
You're spitting drama when it comes to lyrics and penance I'm
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the end ending up
Capable of bringing a bullets a stillunbelievable bullets a
Titanium brain that's full of, surprises
When the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos eyes
Good evening, this ain't even a weed thing,
I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drink anything

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

Oh! Yeah,
So much for 1st single on this one

Shady's the label, Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out of 'erp
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as Mrs. Butterworth's syrup
It's the Mr. Picked-On-Christopher-Reeves-Just-For-No-Reason
Other than to just tease him
'Cause he was his biggest (burp) fan
He used to be Superman
Now I'm pourin' liquor on the curb in his name for him
"Eminem you wait til we meet up again
Fucker I'm kicking your ass for everything you've ever said"
It goes one for the money two for the fuckin' show
Ready get set let's go
Here comes the buckin' bronco
Stompin' and stampedin' up the damn street like them buffalo
Soldiers I told ya
I'm about to blow so look out below, Geronimo
Motherfuckers it's dominoes
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop? I don't know
Tryin' to pick up where the Eminem Show left off but I know
Anything's possible though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game that shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr Dre on my team I'll get away
With murder, I'm like O-J
He's like my Cochran today
We keep them Mark Ferman tapes in a safe
Lock em away
Better watch what you say just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to God you was playin'
Whether or not you was little Joshua Gosh
I wish I could of told you not to do the same
'Cause one day it could cost you your name

[Chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single (burp)
But I just fucked that off so
Fuck it let's all have fun, let's mingle (burp)
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle (fart)
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle (fart)
Oh oh oh oh oh oh no
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Oh oh ah ah
Oh ah oh ah oh ah
Poo poo ka ka

Eri-eri-Erick swallowed some generic
Sleeping pills, and woke up in bed next to his best friend Derrick bare-naked
Jig-a-jig-ji-ji-Janean just turned sixteen and used a fake I-D
To sneak in V-I-P to see are Kelly
Hee-hee-hee-hee
To be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nicky's parents must be so tickled they cherish every picture
With their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hicky-dickory dirk diggler look at me work wizardry
With these words, am I a jerk or just jerk chicken?
Or (scratch sound) jerkin your chain
Twenty two jerks in a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk
Or wait a minute what am I saying?
Allow me to run it back and rewind it
Wait let me ask you again
Am I just jerkin your chain
Am I berserk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Working the dang cameras
Filmin' one of them Paris Hilton homemade
Porno's who keeps tiltin' the lens at an angle
Jigga-ji-just recently somebody just discovered Britney and Justin
Video tapes of em fuckin'
When they was just Musketeers in the Mickey Mouse Club and dusted em
And went straight to The Source with em
Cause they could have sworn someone said ni-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it
You can hear the ga-uh
And then come ta
Find out it was Justin
Sayin' "I'm gon-na cum!"
And this was supposed to be

[Chorus]

Any opinions or somethin' you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics
I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800 I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back as soon as there comes a day
That I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay and make up with Ray
Hey! So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken, beat a chicken
Eat a chicken like it's a big cock, big a big cock
Or suck a dick and lick a dick and eat a dick and stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
Fuck a fuck off

(Chorus)

Balls, Balls, Balls
Balls, Balls, Balls
You'll never touch my

Catch me if you can but you ain't man enough
You're standin' tough
But you know that no matter what
You'll never get the chance to touch
My Balls, Balls, Balls
Balls, Balls, Balls
You'll never touch my balls

I see you ain't a playa, you ain't ballin'
And I don't even care who the hell you call in
In this game, it ain't no talkin'
You can get it started, I nail the coffin
And all I here is "get your man up off him"
So why I gotta stop it, this nigga was talkin'
And I ain't gotta prove you nothin'
I do it and you ain't gotta push my buttons

This dude in front of me, he weighs a brick
He's quick and I can't get Marshall hit
So I played my position and don't make a move
Been doin' this for years, my team can't lose
And ain't nobody, ain't nobody hard
9 o'clock, I'm gonna punch me hard
Hut one, hut two, I'm ready
Hike, give the ball to Nelly
And nobody out there feels me
Take this 'fore you have to kill me
And any player in my way, I'm foldin'
Damn it, call holton

[Chorus]

Football, Football, I love football
Yes, tres, dos, uno
Dos, tres, fuck, shit, bitch, asshole son of a bitch
Everybody cuddle, blah I mean huddle
I just stepped in a mud puddle, butthole
Freak, who just tapped on my ass cheek
Nevermind, let's try quarterback sneak
Cover me, smother me with love that's brotherly
That didn't work, try another play
Hut one, hut two, hut hut hurry up
And reach up another grown man's butt
Hike the ball, I mean I like Bizarre
But Jesus yikes, I think I can feel his balls
My dick is long as it is hard, yeah so are my balls
It's the longest yard, whoops that's not the chorus
Run it back, wrong song, yeah disreguard
That whole statement I just made, what yard line we on?
On 5 and our timeouts are gone
Less than a minute left, I just throw my ball (ball)
To the sideline to Von, he steps outta bounds
48 seconds left on the clock but every last one counts
Call another huddle, we're down by six
The plan is, to throw the ball to Swift
But he's so god damn high, that he's trips
Falls and slips, Proof grabs him by his fingertips
And runs the ball all the way down to the one
But he don't get in, but all we need is a put (blabbing)
But all we need is a touch down and an extra point to win
But then I get sacked all the way back to the ten
God dammit I'ma slap somebody if I get tapped on the ass again
Everybody's laughin' now, no timeouts and its now fourth down
We're never gonna make it, wait I just got an idea
Quick, everybody get naked, Denaun go long
I'ma throw the bomb, c'mon how they gonna tackle you wit no pants on
Ass out with a floppin' schlong, touch down yeah I told ya
It's the longest yard

[Chorus]

The new face on the yard, just hand me the ball (balls)
I'ma run through all of ya'll, ya'll just soft
Even though my cleats is kickin' up mud
It's more tragic for me, I'm stiff armin' punks
High steppin' through the end zone
I been grown, I'm so dirty you don't even know my skin tone
It's time to rumble, no time to fumble
And I won't stumble, your frontline will tumble
Playin' ball with killas, my team's gorillas
Three time offenders, even drug dealers
One of the best runnin' backs there never was
Movin' like Barry Sanders, leavin' you in the dust

Yack is high, I got the highest yack
Hit the ground so hard I leave tire tracks
Bizarre snaps like a fire crack
And my palm more stickier than spider back
Eyin' my eye, the back tryin to sack us
No matter how big they flyin' backwards
Wide receiver, recievin' wide
For every stride in my life, I breathe and die

Defense is playin' a pass
Then the quarterback peeps and screams
That means that its time for me
To run out the back like a bat straight outta hell
My tracks burn turf when they excel
I try to lateral pass the ball to Proof
He got dropped and the ball came loose
And shot up like a flare, I gave the ball a stare
And use my lineman's shoulder as a chair
Now I'm flyin' through the air like a superhero
I can use this pose for a box of cereal
I'm no joke punk, I get my dinerio
For bein' the best player on my team what
As soon as I hear the hut 1, 2, hut
I do one run, run, the screen go run run
Then I cut, spin around in the endzone
Then I do the ninety shuffle so

[Chorus]

Footballs, I'm talkin' about footballs

I don't know dude
I think everyone's all jealous and shit 'cause I'm like the lead singer of a band dude
And I think everyone's got a fuckin' problem with me dude
And they need to take it up with me after the show
Because

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
'Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

So I get off stage right and drop the mic
Walk up to the hot chicks and I'm all like
"Sup ladies, my name's Slim Shady.
I'm the lead singer in D12 baby"
They're all like "Oh my God it's him"
"Becky oh my fuckin' God it's Eminem"
"I swear to fuckin' God dude you fuckin' rock"
"Please Marshall please let me suck your cock"
And by now the rest of the fellas get jealous
Especially when I drop the beat and do my acapellas
All the chicks start yellin', all the hot babes
Throw their bras and their shirt and their panties on stage
So like every single night they pick a fight with me
But when we fight it's kinda like sibling rivalry
Cuz they're back on stage the next night with me
Dude I just think you're tryna steal the light from me
Yesterday Kuniva tried to pull a knife on me
'Cause I told him Jessica Alba's my wife to be
This rock star shit, it's the life for me
And all the other guys just despise me because

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
'Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
Roxanne
My band
My band

You just wanna see a nigga backwards don't you
Hey dad how come we don't rap on Protools
Smash these vocals and do a performance
But we in the van and he in a tour bus
You don't want my autograph, yous a liar
And no I'm Swift (oh I thought you was Kuniva)
What the hell is wrong with that dressing room
'Cause my shit is lookin' smaller than a decimal
See I know how to rap, see it's simple but
All I did was read a Russell Simmons book
So I'm more intect, tryna get on the map
Doin' jumpin jacks whilin' get whipped on my back

Look at Em little punk ass thinkin' he the shit
Yeah I know man find himself takin on a flick
Hey I thought we had an interview with DJ Clue
No I had an interview not you two
You gonna be late for soundcheck
Man I ain't goin' to soundcheck
But our mics are screwed up and his always sound best
You know what man I'ma say somethin
Hey yo Em
You got somethin' to say?!
Man no
I thought you bout to tell him off, what's up
Man I'ma tell him when I feel like it, man shut up
And you ain't even back me up when we s'posed to be crew
When I was bout to talk right after you
I swear, I swear man

These chicks don't even know the name of my band
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands
'Cause once I blow they know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band

They say the lead singers rock, but the group does not
Once we sold out arenas to the amusement park
I'm gonna let the world know that proof is hot
I should cut his mic off when the musics starts
Ready to snap on a dumbass fan
Every time I hear (Hey dude I love your band)
We ain't a band bitch we don't play instruments
So why he get 90 and we only get ten percent
And these guys they can find every area code

Bitch carry your own
Can't make it to the stage, security in my way
(Who the fuck are you? Where's Obie and Dre?!)

Goddammit I'm sick of this group
Time for me to go solo and make some loot
I told you I made the beats and wrote all the raps
Till Kon Artist slipped me some crack
Lose Yourself video I was in the back
Superman video I was in the back
Fuck the media, I got some suggestions
Fuck Marshall, ask us the questions
Like who's D12, how we get started
(What about Eminem?)
Bitch are you retarded?
Anyway I'm the popularest guy in the group
Big ass stomach, bitches think I'm cute (hey sexy)
50 told me to do situps to get buff
I did two and a half and then I couldn't get up
Fuck D12, I'm outta this band
I'm gonna start a group with the real Roxanne

Girl why cant you see your the only one for me
And it just tears my ass apart to know that you don't know my name

These chicks don't even know the name of my band(ha ha)
But they're all on me like they wanna hold hands(Fuck Marshall)
Cuz once I blow I know that I'll be the man
All because I'm the lead singer of my band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band
My band

The hottest boy band in the world
D12!
I'm the lead singer of my band, I get all the girl's to take off their
Underpants
And the lead singer of my band, my salsa
Makes all the pretty girl's wan to dance
My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called My Salsa
My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa, my salsa
Makes all the pretty girls wan to dance
And take off their underpants
My salsa makes all the pretty girls wan to dance
And take off their underpants, my salsa
(Where'd everybody go?)

Daddy what are you doing?
Okay then!
Everybody listen up!
I'm goin' to hell!
Who's comin' with me?
Somebody please help him!
I think my dad's gone crazy

There's no mountain I can't climb, there's no tower too high,
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you,
To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to?
Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls, I cut'em off,
And got'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar inside of a hall
With my framed autographed sunglasses with Elton John's name on my drag wall,
I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off
All this time me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off (Suck it, Marshall).
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off
And launch one at these Russians and that's all
Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off.
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
Hailie, tell 'em baby,
My Dad's Lost It!

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em baby
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy

It's like my mother always told me and codeine and
Goddammit you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
Uh, fuck that shit bitch eat a motherfuckin' dick,
Chew on a prick and lick
A million mutherfuckin' cocks per second,
I'd rather put out a mutherfuckin' Gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy whipped bitch, eat pussy,
And have pussy lips glued to my face
With a clit ring in my nose then quit bringin' my flows
Quit givin' me my ammo. Can't you see why I'm so mean?
If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O.
I wouldn't have to go, eenee, meenee, meini, mo,
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?
Dad

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em baby
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time,
Can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See what you're seein' is a genius at work, which to me isn't work,
So it's easy to misinterpret it at first
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue-in-cheek,
I'd yank my fuckin' teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on,
And kicked and hit with shit every time
I sung like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on.
More pain inside of my brain than the eyes of a little girl
Inside of a plane aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave,
Screamin' at the sky, 'til clouds gather, it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it, the parents are pissed but the kids love it.
Nine millimeter heater stashed in two seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em baby
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy

Crazy
Ha ha ha
You're funny daddy!

Ya look

If I were to rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
Cause your just dyeing to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say somethin' bout' Paul Wall
You'd probably crap in your pants cause I'm white and he's white
So he's like my competition I mean right
Nope, Paul Wall is dope and so's Bubba
But, but, But....
But I don't compete wit nobody
I just go hard do the rope a dope ali shuffle
And dance around my opponents do donuts
Sometimes I play possum like I'm asleep it's awesome!
I'm like a sleeping giant and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta no where and bite prey
And sink my teeth in and fill em' full a poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill em'
And let em' know I just don't feel em'
And smack em' with the backward E the' Eminem emblem
I was taught if your gonna murder somebody you should face em'
Tell em' why look em' dead in the eye then waste em'
And the dark shall emerge from the firey depths of hell
And swallow the shallow the hallow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell there souls
For this rap game and it goes

123 check,check 123, check 123
That aint the hook now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say
My public adores me!
Everybody bores me they just so corny
So at night before I sleep I look in the mirror
The mirror glows lips and it whispers come nearer

My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, Your heart and your body
And I don't want you too ever leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, Your heart and your body

Shady I know your in there some where come here
Talk too me sit here pull up a chair why don't you cut your hair ha ha ha
Dye it back come on try it
Ah No I told you leave me the fuck alone will you!
But I'm here to re-build you
But I already killed you!
But shady we were meant for each other!
Think about your mother!
Yeah so what of her ?
Think about what she did to you and your little brother!
All them foster homes!
Fuck you motherfucker! I had you beat!
No I was playin' possum remember I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time your souls mine I'm taking it back!
You fucking bitch! why ?
Because I love you look a little closer, isn't that us on that poster ?

My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, Your heart and your body
And I don't want you too ever leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, Your heart and your body

Shady listen ( SHADY ) you hear that ?
They screamin' for you I can bring you career back!
But I don't want it back, Yes you!, No I don't!
Yes you do your gonna regret it later, No I wont!
I'm a get Dre on the phone I'll just call the doctor
Go ahead I already talk to, Dre yesterday
Well I got him on the phone right now ( Slim? )
Your lying ( Yo Slim? ) How? Why now?
What up Dre ?
Check this out slim I gotta talk to you
I dunno it just seems like ever since you got off your
Drugs you became a lot softer!
But Dre! all shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka!
Well just think about slim I'm here!
Just hit me back and let me know what's up ?
Fuck this mirror! Ah!
I'm not in the mirror I'm inside you let me guide you!
Fuck you! Die you son-of-a-bitch!
Put the gun down! Bye bye!
Okay I'm still alive! So am I too! You cant kill a spirit even if you tried to
You sold your soul to me need I remind you ?
You remember that night you
Prayed to god you'd give anything to get a record deal well Dre signed you!
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall right? Boo!
Look at this house! look at these cars! I'm so nice oh!
Oh but you didn't know that fame has a price too ?
That your just now seeing the downside too!
Lose your best friend from high school your wife too!
Aint even sure if your kids like you!
Come off tour cant even sleep at night without NyQuil
Think of the Valium addicts start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall? What!
No ones gonna love you like I do!

My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, your heart and your body
And I don't want you too ever leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, your heart and your body

Said, I don't ever want you to leave me my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I can not have you then no one can your my darling
Cause I posses your soul, Your mind, your heart and your body

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I went to Johns rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blond babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan an ex heroin addict who just stopped using
She loved booze and alternative music
Told me she was going back to using again
I said wait first try this hallucinogen
Its better then heroin and booze and gin
Come here lets go in here
Who's in the den? (Its me and Kelly)
My bad lets try another room (I don't trust you)
Shut up slut chew up this mushroom
This will help you get in touch with your roots
Walking barefoot butt naked and run in the woods
(Oh hell I might as well try them this party is so drag)
Oh dag I didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag (Uh)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

Yo Sue (Get away from me I don't know you)
Oh shoot she's tripping (I need to go puke)
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susie stop crying I don't hate ya
The world is not against you
I am sorry your father raped you
So you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth
That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out
She said (Help me I think I am having a seizure)
I said I am high too bitch
Quit grabbing my t-shirt (Let go)
Would you calm down you are starting to scare me
She said (I am 26 years old and I am not married I don't even have any
Kids and I can't cook)
I am over here Sue
You are talking to the plant
Look we need to get to a hospital
Before it is too late
'Cause I never seen one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

Susie where you going you better be careful
(leave me alone dad I am sick of getting my hair pulled)
I am not your dad
And try not to swallow your tongue
Want some gum?
Put down the scissors before you do something dumb
I will be right back just chill baby please?
I got to go find Dave he is the one who gave me these
John where's Dave at before I bash you
He's in the bathroom
I think he is taking a crap dude
Dave pull up your pants
We need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants
Chopping her hair off
And there's only two days left of spring break
How long do these things take to wear off?
Well it depends on how may you've had
I took 3 she had the other 22 caps
Now she is upstairs crying out her eye balls
Drinking Lysol (She is going to die dude)
I know and its my fault (My god)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now its my fault (My fault)

I am so sorry I am so sorry
Susie please wake up
What are you doing
Your not dead

My mom loves Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom, my mom,
I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom
Oho whoa-ho,
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on val-i-um.
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank
Fucking peas in my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So everyday I have at least three stomach aches
Now tell me what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fucking-chiever
My teacher didn't think I was going to be nothing either
What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fuckin' seat for?
Misses Mathers your son has been huffin' ether
Either that or the mother fucker's been puffin' reefer
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither,
I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a tea-cup? Bitch you ain't my keeper
I'm sleepin'
What the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for?
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone
I ain't playin' go find you a white crayon
And color a fuckin' zebra

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
You ate it yesterday I ain't hear no complaints did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers
Now just wait til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
Ya little mother fucker,
I'll make ya sit there
And make that retarded fuckin' face without even tastin' it
You better lick the fuckin' plate, you ain't wastin' it
Put ya face in it before I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in you're gonna
Just sit there in one fuckin' place spinnin' in
Until next Thanksgiving'
And if you still ain't finished it I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit you want to sit there and play innocent
A rack fell and hit me at K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? it's none of your dang business kid.

My mom, there's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

My mom loved Valium now all I am is a party-animal
I am what I am but I'm strong to be finished with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't want to swallow it without chewing it
I can't even write a rhyme without doin' it
My Valium, my Valium
Man I never thought that I could ever be a drug addict
Nah fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin'
A tragedy from fucking passin it up got to me
And it's probably were I got acquainted with the taste ain't it
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb mom beautiful
She killed the fucking dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fucking Aspirin and say that it has a headache
Here, want a snack?
You hungry you fucking brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax.
Take it and take a nap, eat it,
But I don't need it.
Then fuck it then break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up
Alright ma, you win I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop it gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble hobble tumble slip drip
Then I fall in bed with a bottle of meds
And a Heath Ledger bobblehead

My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom

This ain't beef man
I don't know what the fuck to call it
But no beef
Whattup X

I float like B.I.G.'s spirit in this bitch I'm ghostly
Rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me
I'd have my motherfucking ass kicked by Moby
If I let some bitch in the Can like Bis cop over me
To do war and try to bring my crew back down
I'll never stoop to that level to do that now
I got a new cat
This time I'm pulling two gats out
With bullets
I finally got something to shoot at now

Let's see who got they city on lock
Let's see who got the better aim with the Glock
Let's see who come out on top
Let's see who really want their name in the streets
Let's see who wanna die the same time as me
And make ends meet
Now was I blessed with a gift or cursed with a curse
I follow hearse after hearse with verse after verse
And I'll be damned if I let Billy dance Dupri
Or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now

I love it when you niggas be talking, saying my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Hurt you so long, you'll be a-ddicted to pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, ho say my name

Why do you hate me
I came from nothing
Blood sweat and tears
You did not create me
How can you doubt me
You don't know shit about me
There'd be no West coast without me
Cut with the bullshit
I struggle for survival
And now you trying to act like my rival
Watch what you say partner, it's a small earth
Don't play games with your life nigga, it's not worth
All the pain, all the agony
All the horror, all the tragedy
Put your hands up people, it's time to fight now
I beat holes in your chest, remain hostile
Threaten my life, c'mon
One day you'll understand
They say that pride is the sign of a foolish man
So who the fuck you think you talking to
Live and direct in the flesh, I'm right in front of you

I love it when you niggas be talking, saying my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Hurt you so long, you'll be a-ddicted to pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, ho say my name

I never really smashed on Jermaine's ass, Dre smashed him
Nobody ganged up til he came back and jacked him
I never really brought it to his ass, I tapped him
I could have been like Treach, boom-bapped and slapped him
Purple, for mimicking him with two rapping Urkels
I could of snapped, took it past rap and hurt you
But I didn't, I kept it on wax and served you
I Square Dance cause I'm sick of rapping circles
Around these clowns, stready trying to call me out
It's like I'm listening to motherfucking dogs meow
You'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out
You don't want it with rap, this is what I'm all about, c'mon
(I) No gangsta you ain't either
(Will) But I know that I spit ether
(Not) I shit across your belly
(Lose) Show you I'm not R. Kelly

X, pass me the weed
I'mma put my ashes out on his ass
For the last time man
Watch your fucking mouth

I love it when you niggas be talking, saying my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Hurt you so long, you'll be a-ddicted to pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, ho say my name

For the last time man, I'm through

[Dr. Dre]
Journey with me
Into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer
Since I came out the nut sack
I'm in a murderous mind-state
With a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
Buck buck, Lights out
Cause when I get my sawed off
Niggas get hauled off

*Barrel one
Touches your motherfuckin' flesh
*Barrel two
Shoots your fucking heart out your chest
You see I'm quick to let the hammer go click
On my Tec-9 so if you try to wreck mine
Fool its your bad time
Feel the blast of the chocolate bomber
Infra red aimed at your head
Like your name was Sarah Conner
Decapitating I ain't hesitating
To put you in the funeral home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava
You got a problem?
I got a problem solver
And his name is revolver
Its like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a 44 mag
And your frozen inside a body bag
Nobody iller
Than this grave yard filler
Cap peeler
Cause I'm a natural born killa

[Ice Cube]
Terror illustrates my era
Now I can't hang around my momma
Cause I scare her
I'm quick to blast motherfucker
(yeah what's up)
It feels like I'm busting a nut
When I open you up
Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
Cause I'm giving dirt naps
Coming with them bomb ass raps
To make your lungs collapse
Perhaps, you never sleep
Cause every time you doze
You catch blows to the motherfucking nose
Ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
Let me count the ways ^in a fucked up maze^
I never ever ever made a ho stay
But I'm down with Dre
Like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how your living
I'm the unforgiving
Psycho driving
Murderer
Its authentic
Don't panic
I can't stand it
God Damn it
Schizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit em with a brick
And I'm dancing

[RBX]
Mass Murderer, Natural Born Killla,
And I don't want to die
I don't want to DIE
I don't want to
I don't wanna die!

[Ice Cube]
I don't understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sound of Sirens
Terrified screams from the streams
Of Strychnine
Dumping on any motherfucker trying to trick mine
Cause motherfuckers want to violate
Now they stiff and cold
And they pupils won't dilate
It's so much pain
Migraine
Headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes
Like that dude up in Singapore
So I'm a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal, just like Nirvana

[Dr. Dre]
Tic Toc
Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keeping niggas in order
Making there live shorter
Ready to slaughter
Cause to me a life ain't worth a quarter
Or a dime
Mushroom's got my mind
Hallucination
Ain't no debating
I'm creating an escape
Route to be out without a doubt
Scot Free, so don't even think about trying to stop me
Cause I can't wait
I'm out the gate
On the for realla
A thrilla
Or a natural born killa

[Ice Cube]
They call me dadda
6 million ways to murder
Choose one
Lose one soul
Bodies turn cold
Natural fright from niggas going bump in the night

You're drunk, the carpet is burned
I hate to find you like this
I always find you like this
I come home and clean up your mess
What would you do without that?
Why do I always come back?
Oh, what I wouldn't do for you!

And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

Some nights I want to run for the hills
It's never easy with you
I cannot reason with you
But your smile, as rare as it comes
What would I do without that?
Maybe that's why I come back
Oh, what I wouldn't do for you!

And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

Startin' to think we were made for each other
But one of us in this relationship is raisin' the other
You remind me of my mother
We drive one another crazy as each other
And we're both adults, so there's no excuse
For the games that we play with each other
Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, mothafucker!
But I give her the benefit of the doubt
Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her
'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker
How her bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble
She's in hot water, think I caught her cheatin' again
Give her another chance? Another one after that?
I'm swimmin' in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial
Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shit-eatin' grin when I smile
Makin' an excuse for us to act it out
She's just actin' out with her inner child
Then I set the truth on fire 'cause I'd rather believe a lie
Then I breathe a sigh of relief, I don't believe in
Goin' to bed mad, I keep on tryin' to make a bad girl good
But haven't I stood by you in good times?
And bad? I'm startin' to feel like your goddamn dad
'Cause I literally feel like you could die ever should I
Leave you for good so never would I
It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye
But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy
And you're a good person too
I can save you, I can make you change
But I keep puttin' my fuckin' foot in my mouth
Every time I gotta come and bail you out
When you get in trouble that you get yourself in
I'm in trouble, but I can't leave, I'll sell you out
I could never turn my fuckin' back on you, what is that?
I'm co-dependent, I'm just now noticin' it
But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it
I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart
Our apartment's tore apart
You're usin' my heart for a dartboard
But God must've aligned stars for us
'Cause somebody paired us up
And they say He ain't capable of makin' a mistake
But this one's perfect, 'cause I'm (startin' to think that maybe you need me)

Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

There's not much you could do or say to phase me 
People think I'm a little bit crazy 
I get it from all angles in a while to save me 
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things 
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think 
A lot of rappers finally wouldn't know how to take me 
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me 
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy 
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times 
Cause I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast 'cause my mind is racing 
And I could give a fuck what category you place me 
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone 
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats 
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z 
For every single die hard fan who embraced me 
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me 
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me 
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me 
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me 
It only made me what I am today, see 
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me 
You ain't gonna make or break me 
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G 
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening 
Cause sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me 
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me 
You had all this time to think about it 
Now don't pussy out and try to wimp out, face me 
Cause I've been patiently waiting for the day 
That we finally meet in the same place to see 

No matter how many battles I been in and won 
No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
No matter how many M-C's I end up 
Ooh ooh, it's never enough 

My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it 
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics 
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split 
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it 
The spot my talk, it blaze a direct hit 
Graze it, your peace talk, save it 
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated 
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers 
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse 
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy? 
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it 
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic 
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it 
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag of the chocolate 
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it 
When it's hot, it's hot 
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpal tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed,
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are six critics
Who wait for me to slip with it, so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling an' I am not felling
You fuckers are not ready, 'cause I got jelly, like (Beyonce's) pot belly
This is destiny, yes money I'm of running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'Til I get a call that God's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me
No apologies

My head hit's the pillow, a weeping willow, I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow, hand's on my head, touched knees to elbow
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over, these cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me
I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough, so keep playing it and stand next to the subs
I choke mic's like asphyxiation when I'm stranglin' my own throat masturbatin'
Fuck yeah I'm a basketcase and I mastered this rap shit, 'til my ass gets wasted,
'Til my assassination
'Til I'm slain 'cause of some fag's infatuation
Fourty four mags a fascination, a taste for disaster and if that's the case then

No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me
No apologies, not even acknowledging you at all
'Til I get a call that God's coming
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny
I can spit in ya face while your standin' across from me
No apologies

This song isn't for you, it's for me, a true MC
It's what it do just to see if he still has it
And if his skills mastered
He's able to spill raps long after he's killed, that's a real MC
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me
Then expect a longer life expectancy
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me inside
I'd be exploding soaked in self loathing an' mourning
So I'm warning you, don't coax me
It's silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled
The press blows up this whole thing, it's stupid
They don't know 'cause they don't see that I'm wounded
All they did was ballooned it
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout these tattoos Cartoon did
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin'
An' they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', an' you too, you can

Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my heart's frozen it don't even beat
So expect no apologies

Expect no sympathy from me I'm an MC
This is how I'm supposed to be
Cold as a G, my heart's frozen it don't even beat
So expect no apologies

Love, love
Love, love,
Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Young Money yeah uh

Ah, throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles uh
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay them down, make them beg
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch up, up and away, man, I come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker, blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost,
No love found

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say, just (Don't hurt me)
That's right (It don't hurt me) I don need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha bitch you get (No love) You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground, but what comes around goes around (Yeah)
(And you don't hurt me)
That's right (You don't hurt me) and I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you, (No more)
Ha bitch you get no love
No love
No love
No love, ha
Bitch you get no love
No love
No love, and I don't need you (No more)
Get 'em

I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen,
I'm a little bit sicker than most,
Shit's gonna get thick again, they say the
Competition is stiff, but I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom,
Look at these rappers, how I treat them so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em yeah
They call me a freak 'cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute,
Yeah that rap was tight, but I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit and start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump in the place
All the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game I so started
To rock fellow, when I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop, I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop, 'til my hip don't hop anymore
When you're so good that you can't say it 'cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore
People just get sick 'cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride,
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride, killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent is getting no
Mercy, mark my words, ain't letting up, relentless I smell blood,
I don't give a fuck, keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Oh)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say, just (Don't hurt me)
Yeah that's right (It don't hurt me) And I don need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha bitch you get (No love) You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah)
You ran me into the ground, but what comes around goes around
(And you don't hurt me) That's right (You don't hurt me) and I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you, (No more)
Ha bitch you get no love
No love
No love
No love, ha
Bitch you get no love
No love
No love, and I don't need you (No more)
Ha, bitch you get no (Love)

You know the days of talking is over
And there ain't too much more we can say
To try to get these different individuals,
or muthaf***as as I like to call 'em
To just, shut the f*** up
Let's go

You witnessed the a** whooping, bones got broke 
When the fifty calib blast, wouldn't last
Through the smoke as you choke
Pay attention bear witness to this muthaf***in' twitch that you excite 
Cause none of the bullets hit you they missed you,
But we ain't trippin' wasn't after you, 
Don't you piss, it's like a b**** them ni66az laughed at you
Now you agitated a little bit, acting just like a little b****
I figured that you would surface I knew you happen to managed to pop s***
Saying Trick that, Trick this
When the balls that you have and if when I pop them
Should of died wit 'em, body and soul coulda burn 
I'm a keep killing these b****es until everybody learn
F*** time and it's time that these f***ers to start dyin'
I ain't sayin this to say in this rhyme and I ain't lyin
Man enough to say it and mean it, ni66az can be gone
I'm a do another verse but there ain't much more I can speak on

There's nothing more these words can say
This hard headed muthaf***a just won't let it lay
So say a prayer for this playa' cause he's going to his grave
So stand clear b****es betta' get the f*** out my way.

Let me show you how I started as a starvin' artist
This is Proof wit the truth regardless of all this
As my C-E-O and best friend of the essence
I won' why nobody in Detroit won't test him
Lesson learned, flesh get burned
Tex in turn, a scar hotter than the press and burn
Everlast the beef is over, you can sleep this over
Clique Benz took the streets wit soldiers
Including me I move and creep wit Uzi fleas that choose to lead
I'll put your dudes to sleep
Who is he (Trick) Trick no treat
That street life A-K that still'll lift your feet
The rest of these n****s is comical
I'm a go abdominal, split like a domino
Rhyming pro, sharp without a diamond, Go
Geronimo to any man wit pause
Murder you b****es, still screaming f*** the law!

There's nothing more these words can say
This hard headed muthaf***a just won't let it lay
So say a prayer for this playa' cause he's going to his grave
So stand clear b****es betta' get the f*** out my way.

I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid (yeah)
To take a stand, it's been a ride
Everybody, I guess I had to
Go to that place
To get to this one
Now some of you
Might still be in that place
If you're tryin' to get out
Just follow me
I'll get you there

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'm a let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'm a do somethin' I do it
I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world, feed it beans
It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin' me
I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
And all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony
No if, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album he's still shittin'
Whether he's on salary, paid hourly, until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt
And fuck the whole universe

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand come (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

Okay quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap
You said you was king
You lied through your teeth, for that fuck your feelings
Instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped, and to the fans
I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact, let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was eh
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click-clack, blow 'cause I ain't playin' around
It's a game called circle and I don't know how
I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud
Still follows me around but it's time to exercise these demons
These muh'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand come (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

And I just can't keep living this way
So starting today
I'm breaking out of this cage
I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons
I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through
And don't realize what you did, believe me you
I been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead
No more bee flingers, no more drama from now on
I promise to focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it
You couldn't lift a single shingle on it, 'cause the way I feel
I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub
And lift the whole liquor counter up 'cause I'm raising the bar
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazin' at stars, I feel amazing and I'm not

I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand come (Come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just letting you know that, you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

Ashes blowin' in the air
I was on fire but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never looking back, and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold
Fuck doing what you're told
We're going nowhere fast

I feel sorry for this beat, symphony pains for this track
This road is taking me back, down memory lane with this rap
I could still look out in this crowd, be wild and be takin' aback 
I'm simply stating a fact, I had Wembley stadium packed
But now we're on a path headed to nowhere, and fast
Another terrorist attacks, like a tariff
Blows half of Madison Square up, alas
We perish, in the blast but that isn't scaring us
We pass knowing we're fearless
'Cause we're just

Ashes blowin' in the air
I was on fire but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never looking back, and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold
Fuck doing what you're told
We're going nowhere fast

'Cause we're goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up
Goin' nowhere
We're on the ride of our lives
We're goin' nowhere fast

Fuck doing what you're told, act like a two year old
Shit is soon to go kaboom, and blow anyways
For MC's, it's a funeral
But I'm devising this rhyme, 'cause I am awake in your mourning
That's why I rise and I shine, like a new day has dawned on me
Gusto guts bravado, nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot
I must've got you in somewhat of a debacle
Plus some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothing, although
There's a lot off shit I said in jest, that's though to swallow
But if at times, my heart it seems
Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve
Keanu Reeves, speed of light, avoid it, veer or just steer towards it
We're only looking forward, but where we're going
We have no idea
Nowhere to go, but hysterical 
It's getting warm in here, I set the world on fire
I was born to be an arsonist, just one spark and it's lit
But I'ma still get dark on this shit
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch
War machine, but you forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have something for your ear
And in the course of the assault this torture gets more severe
Go to war with me, you'll end up blue to Timbuktu
I send at you a ten tonne nuke like Kim Jung Un
And end up ruining your career
Moving on, this is said and done
And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks
Forever young, make time stop
Will I ever fall off? That day'll never come
To the pine box, bitch fuck you!
I'm better than I ever was
'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But, I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed, it's already fucked
And I'm on top, so everyone's just

Ashes blowin' in the air
I was on fire but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never looking back, and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold
Fuck doing what you're told
We're going nowhere fast

'Cause we're goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up
Goin' nowhere
We're on the ride of our lives
We're goin' nowhere fast

You can't tell us nothing, hardheaded and we're stubborn
So, working out the other when we're young
(On the ride of our lives)
Who knows what the future for us could hold
Another shooter, uh oh
No more tomorrows, we're done
And all we are is

Ashes blowin' in the air
I was on fire but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never looking back, and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black, but our heart's made of gold
Fuck doing what you're told
We're going nowhere fast

'Cause we're goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up, goin' up
Goin' up
Goin' nowhere
We're on the ride of our lives
We're goin' nowhere fast

I found a love for me
Darling just dive right in
And follow my lead
Well I found a girl beautiful and sweet 
I never knew you were the someone waiting for me
'Cause we were just kids when we fell in love

Not knowing what it was
I will not give you up this time
But darling, just kiss me slow, your heart is all I own
And in your eyes you're holding mine

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
When you said you looked a mess, I whispered underneath my breath
But you heard it, darling, you look perfect tonight

Well I found a woman, stronger than anyone I know
She shares my dreams, I hope that someday I'll share her home
I found a love, to carry more than just my secrets
To carry love, to carry children of our own
We are still kids, but we're so in love
Fighting against all odds
I know we'll be alright this time
Darling, just hold my hand
Be my girl, I'll be your man
I see my future in your eyes

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
When I saw you in that dress, looking so beautiful
I don't deserve this, darling, you look perfect tonight

Baby, I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms
Barefoot on the grass, listening to our favorite song
I have faith in what I see
Now I know I have met an angel in person
And she looks perfect
I don't deserve this
You look perfect tonight

One, two, three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance, so back on up
('Cause you know about to rip shit up)
Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothin' but a "G" thang, baby!
Two loc'ed out niggas so we're crazy!
Death Row is the label that pays me!
Unfadeable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But uh, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected, so I'ma let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have ta' find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin' her man
And learnin' her man, and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
(Yeah) And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hooka's and ho's know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

Well I'm peepin', and I'm creepin', and I'm creep-in
But I damn near got caught, 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt
You never been on a ride like this before
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know, and I know, I flow some ol' funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
On what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do

It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
And who gives a fuck about hoes?
So just chill, til the next episode

Fallin' back on that ass, with a hellified gangsta lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a ol' batcha' collard greens
It's the capital S, oh yes I'm fresh, N double-O P
D O double-G Y, D O double-G, ya see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin' G shit
(Hell yeah) So Dre, (What up Dog?)
Gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumpin' (City of Compton!)

It's where it takes place, so when asked, yo' attention
Mobbin' like a motherfucker, but I ain't lynchin'
Droppin' the funky shit that's makin' the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfuckin' homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And if yo bitches talk shit, I'll have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on, to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., "No One Can Do It Better"

Like this, that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
And who gives a fuck about hoes?
So just chill, 'til the next episode

The very best of game recordings
The finest in hip hop entertainment
Hello, I'm naughty
One of the sexy sexy game girls you all love to love
And I wanna welcome you to game tight
So, sit back, relax and get your groove on

The Bad
Yeah
The Evil
The Bad
Yeah
The Evil
Right, yo
Put em together

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothing to chew
Yo
I'm just fucking with you, cause I got nothing to do

I am bored!
I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders
Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers 
Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm ripping your wallet off 

And slipping a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that)
Burning your contracts, punch your A&R; in the face 
Smash his glasses and turn em to contacts
I'm on some shook shit, if it's missing I took it (whoops!)

Nurse look at this straitjacket, it's crooked!
I go to jail and murder you from a cell
Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx)
So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head 
When the rest of his body's still alive running?

Coming with five gunmen, waiting to do a drive-by
So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it
For every hundred MC's rhyming about birds
Only about two-thirds'd really set it without words

Yo you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up
Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's raining slugs (what?)
I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh)
I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defending me

You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast
The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half
You know how a thug in this shit'll end up
Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?)

I take it if you run your mouth, then you want to get sent up
Heat it up, you be leaking blood and spitting phlegm up
Now we rivals, cause of a small name or title
You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothing to chew
Yo
I'm just fucking with you, cause I got nothing to do

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothing to chew
Yo
I'm just fucking with you, cause I got nothing to do

Forget a chorus, my metaphors are so complicated 
It takes six minutes to get applause 
And by the time you all catch on, I'm a end your career 
And walk away with the whole floor so you have nothing to fall back on!

I'll throw you off of ten floors
Pull a fucking headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this)
I'm indoors, waiting for disaster to seep in my skin pores
To go outdoors and do some in-stores

This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen
You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin"
Getting skully while I'm autographing
Got my daughter laughing cause I sent her mother whitewater rafting

I'm not a fact, I'm a proven fear
Mr. Rogers blocked up my you-haul screaming
"Wait, wait, wait, you ain't moving here!
Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souvenir?

I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer
Juvenile? Same difference, I need some 'caine 
'Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants
(Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance
I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'

Walking in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood
Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug
To break braces, you say grace and make faces
I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?)

Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff
Precise aim, icing my fame, blowing your hand off
Dancing with the Devil leading, I won't die, I'm never leaving (what?)
I pledge allegiance to forever breathing

Street niggas with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?)
Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers
With a deathwish, thinking I'm the nigga to mess with
Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace

For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil (what?)
A follower never had heart, he just loyal
Thugs is glass doors, I see through em, put the heat to em
Be careful you might get what you ask for

Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothing to chew
Yo
I'm just fucking with you, cause I got nothing to do

If it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothing to chew
Yo
I'm just fucking with you, cause I got nothing to do

The Bad
The Evil
The Bad
The Evil

[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin' this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin' my thing

[Eminem]
I'm almost as famous as fat bald men
Decided to write songs to teach mouseketeers to sing
I stick britney spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck [crash]
Causing terror to christina aguilera
When i grab her by the hair and drag her across the sahara
Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
Got a habit of holding tylenol in his hands
Til it melts in his fuckin' palms and dissolves in his glands
[so who is it?] the fool who visit the playground
Wit' two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pistol whipped wit a mauseburg
Wit' a pistol grip and fed pitbulls shit
Sniff glue sticks like i give two shits
If i get too rich, i just get sued

[Redman]
Yo, i leave wit no injure, after i blow four in ya
One handstand on top of yo' ninja
Crash it, [errrr] doc stir the madness
Til why'all outta work like tony atlas
Walkin' cans in the laundry basket
America's most with the army after us
Fuck flossin' we take what's yours
A low fifteen like a ace in four
I'm outta work, but doc laid them off
[shit, the power's out] the tape is off
Yo, you targeted from arsonists
Papermate pens filled wit arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what prada is
Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss
Betty you wit a bloody blade
I turn rap camps into crystal lake
Fuck bitches face is what i'ma do
'cause that what white boy tano do

[Eminem]
So how is everybody doin' tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if why'all don't want to bump to this... off the wall!!

[Redman]
Yo, so how is everybody feelin' tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't want to bump... off the wall!!

[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin' this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin' my thing

[Redman]
Yo, you could buy jaz spittin', hospital, son admit it
Rip your lips off, kiss my ass wit it
Slap bitches, got marshall mathers [printin']
Weed, x, and the acid tabs did it
I was happenin wit no rerun
Like rob deniro when the +heat+ come
My barrel hang out the camaro
Aimed at the nose of them hoes it's hard to breathe from
Flash the gat, your town, bogardin'
Yo' wallet, your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine, don't start it
Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and eminem, cock the m & m
Blood flows with 2pacalypse and them

[Eminem]
It's like, funk doctor meets the punk rocker
Got the drugs stopped inside the lunch box [uhh]
Pop junk like i just got jumped
Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
Knock wood, it's all good, thank god for vodka
'cause wit my luck, i'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a fanatic waitin upstairs in the attic
Wit a automatic callin' me up there
My man stan wit a gat in his hand
Stakin my house out in a tan tinted sedan
He pull your mouth out til you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and spam
Til you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey ma, maybe i'll give you a call
Sike you fuckin' bitch, suck a dick and two balls
I'm givin you all my job descrip'
Which is, to piss bitches and priests off with this
Pop more pills than police officers
Arrive at the scene and pull me off of kim
Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
But why'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all
'cause i'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well as be a painting smashed on the floor

[Redman]
So how is everybody feelin' tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get rude and ill in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if you don't want to bump to this... off the wall!

[Eminem]
So how's everybody doin' tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
'cause uh, we gettin' down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if why'all don't want to bump to this... off the wall!

[Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep rappin' this way
No matter what you may think
I'm gon keep doin' my thing
No matter what people say
I'm gon keep doin' my thing
No matter... oh

Good evening!
This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seat belt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin

I'm Dre from back in the day from
NWA from black and the gray from
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to
Racking their kegs up from
Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up
I'm still hungry
And I'm back with a tapeworm
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me
Shady for us competition
Faggot, there ain't none

Speak of the devil
It's attack of the rain man
Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron
Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from
Who wanna play dungeon?
No one is safe from
In search of a brain surgeon
A great one
Wait, the day ain't funny man
It's urgent
I need one
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants
Taking lives of firemen
Say goodbye, here I am again
Naked wives and Vicadin
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin
Fin, fin
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge
Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again
Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin
Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again
The sorcerer of intercourse, if it's forced, it's him
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Now where there's smoke, there's fire
Where there's fire, there's flames
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games

Nah uh, he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain
I'm slightly insane
Vodka and kreatine
Hypnotic and red bull
It's an incredible energy drink
And it's given me wings
I believe I can fly
While I pee on a girl
You won't catch me, CSI
It's as easy as pie
And as simple as cake
Dre, get on the mic and make them tremble and shake

Now put your smoke up in the air
And raise your henny and coke
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it
You smoking with the triest and truest
I got the Midas touch
When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking
You just holding shit up
Now here we go
Let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees

Well puffing ain't enough for me
Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on
Smoke me out, cuz
Give me contact buzz
Get me on track
They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (fuck! )
Now look at all the pretty women in here
(Damn bitches)
Dre, it's hot
I think we better go check on their temperatures
I give them the thermometer
You get the bandages
Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit,

And give me one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Yeah
Ya know?
Critics man,
Critics never got nothin' nice to say man
You know the one thing I notice about critics man?
Is, critics never ask me how my day went
Well I'm a tell 'em

Yesterday my dog died, I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said next time you blog up try to spit a flow
You wanna criticize dog try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro'
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as ghost rider
Cold hearted as spider man throwin' a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo-Rida
Inside a low rida with no tires in the hole
Why am I like this? why is winter cold
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes
Listen dog Christmas is off this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf this is a blistering assault
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissin' me is just like pissin' off the wizard of oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his draws
Ticklin' him go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

You on fire
That's how ya know your on a roll
Cause when you hot its like your burnin' up everyone else's cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll
Cause when you say the shit to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
Your on fire, yeah your on fire

Yuh, I just wrote a bullshit hook in between two long ass verses
If you mistook the for a song, look
This ain't a song its a warnin' to Brooke, Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writin' and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet your a fuckin' flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashin' a fan
Mister Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand
It'll eat through anything metal, the ass of iron man
Turn him into plastic so for you to thinkin that you can stand
A fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah ask Denaun man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book
And told him color inside the lines or get hit widda fine crayon
Fuck it I ain't playin'
Pull up in a van and hop out at a homeless man holdin' a sign sayin'
Vietnam vet, I'm out my fuckin' mind man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you, this ain't savage you ain't never seen the brute
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut, boo
Sayin' you sick quit playin' you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yellin' at air
I ain't even talkin' to no one cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me cause these hos wont even dare
I'm wastin' punchlines but I got so many to spare
I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about Micheal's hair

You on fire
That's how ya know your on a roll
Cause when you hot its like your burnin' up everyone else's cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so I'm so hot my motherfucking fire truck is on fire homie
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll
Cause when you say the shit to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
Your on fire, yeah your on fire
Your on fire

Sometimes it's hard to wake up in the mornin'
Mind full of demons, I don't wanna hear 'em anymore
Got me heartbroken, fine, so many babies screamin'
'Cause they seein' destruction before they a see human bein'

So they start smokin' weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families in shape
'Cause they all broke an' why do ghetto birds die?
Before we learn to fly, somebody else's child caught in guns

Smokin' weed can all make a change
So I'm told but I haven't seen the change unfold
I keep hopin' please, if you prefer to breathe
Communities in need of people that will lead

Keep your eyes open now, can only say I'll try
Until the day I die, I promise to be wise
With my heart open, greed brings only misery
A way to tragedy, so I stay sucker free

Only a few chosen rise, my ghetto queens, rise
Don't be afraid to try, too many of us die
For the door to open wide, my brothers be wise
Stay focused on the prize, though everybody dies

We can only learn to take our anger an' our hate
Control our mental state, settle down an' just set it straight
Maybe we can learn to take a second to pump our brakes
'For we said it, regret it later an' let it escalate

'Cause by then it's too just late, there's so much we can take
And there's only so much someone can swallow an' tolerate
Up to the point that he just breaks, snaps an' that's all it takes
You'd think that we was learnin' from other rappers mistakes
But we ain't

It's plain to go against, with every artists comes the image
He portrays an' a picture that he paints
But in the midst of all this anger an' this angst
Never once did you hear me say I'm a gangster
An' I ain't hear no complaints

But I know that I will always continue to grow
As long as I lead an' never follow no one else's shadow
There will never be another me an' that I can guarantee
That's why the fuck I remain sucker free

To this day the game will never be the same
No matter how much fame or success they attain
There will never be another me an' no matter what they do
There will never be another you

You can search but you'll never find
You can try to rewind time
But in your hearts an' your minds, we will never die
We are forever alive an' we continue growin' one day at a time

Don't be caught in the publicity an' caught in the hype
Rappers are regular people minus money an' light
Searchin' for fortune an' fame an' super stardom
All the jewelry, all the cars, whose crew is the hardest

Now the hip hop police, the villains is watchin'
An' kids think beef is they only option
Outlaws born filthy, guilty as charged
My memories could die but Makaveli lives on

You think the industry is fun an' no pity with guns
An' when your money is up, that's when your enemies come
So if he died an' came back, would he try to save rap?
We needin' a change, the drama remains

I spent my whole life fightin' myself
That I can't win, so I'm invitin' some help
An' every now an' then I take rights from the left
I'm still just like a kid lookin' for stripes on my belt

An' that there is a fight in itself
So I just pray an' hope God take a like to myself
No matter how much, I try stay alive
I'm gonna die mad, still standin' there in love with my pride

My heart frivolous beats, we past that
I'm tryin' to keep some income comin' in an' collect on my ass cap
The rappers in the game ain't changed
An' I finally realized that we not in the same game

The hatin' will never end, so I guess I'll deal wit it
Them 4 5 with cop killers, just some steel wit it
The streets is military, you gotta be a soldier
Gotta stay leery an' keep your eyes on the rollers

They do what they gotta do to shackle an' hold us
So we gotta do what we gotta do to keep rollin'
One way at a time, keep the faith in your mind
An' we continue growin' one day at a time, damn

I wanna be the best who ever did it
Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't
But if it is then God, if you're listenin'
Please grant me the strength to crush all competition
You can't blame me for dreaming, I'm a dreamer
And if I'm coming off brash please forgive me
But, that's all I want

I just wanna be the illest MC (That's all I want)
The same time being as real as can be
Mayhem, sickness, murder, horror
These are the kind of words that describe my aura
G Rap, Ras Kass, Kurupt
Redman I am cut from that cloth
Write a rhyme about me, you a dead man
Cool J, I'm Bad video
Learned the whole routine and performed it for my father's friends
While they smoked and drank
Symphony, D.O.C. inspired me to write what
Would eventually put me on airplanes like B.o.B
Canibus, Wu-Tang, you know our history but hats off
When we rap this Jack Frost we outline the track chalk
Thank God for the one-two cadence
Thank God for the lunchroom tables
I'm trying to be the sickest nigga, dead or alive
And if I happen to fall short, it's been one hell of a ride
Chronic 1 and 2, looking up at the sky at the sun
Up until the day the sun is you
You listening to hip-hop, you in Jay's house
Wayne's house, Nas' house
Em's house, Our House

So welcome, to our house
Where no one, comes back out
You won't find, comfort
In here, in here, in here

When I was a little boy I wanted to be a rapper
Wanted to be on the radio and snapping pictures after
And so I grabbed my pen and pad and scribbled chitter chatter
It started off wack
But in the words of a ten year old, my shit was getting phatter
I hit the studio at 16, stupid ill
Not knowing how the booth would feel, what's ADAT's and two inch reel
How you ad-lib? What's a punch? I ain't a boxer
But I sure enough learned the ropes, look D and Mike you made a monster
Now everyday's a game of Contra, I got 99 men
An infinite amount of rounds inside this mighty fine pen
This is my dream, don't fuck with it, I'm telling you
Cause anyone can get dusted as long as production is available
I'm disgusted as a fan, look how niggas sounding, damn
Weak head, ya'll suck bad, fuck swag and your kicks from South Japan
I'm finna to be the best in this profession
I've been invested all my life, so wipe your feet before you step in
Our house

So welcome, to our house
Where no one, comes back out
You won't find, comfort
In here, in here, in here

I wanna be the best who ever did it
Don't know if that goal is feasible, or it isn't
But if it is then God, if you're listenin'
Please grant me the strength to crush all competition
You can't blame me for dreaming, I'm a dreamer
And if I'm coming off brash please forgive me
But, that's all I want

I just wanna be the illest MC (That's all I want)
The same time being as real as can be

Yo, in my house, the lights out
No utilities in the facilities
Feeling my life's 'bout, to wipe out
These feelings I'm feeling be killing me
I pull the mic out, can't strike out
Cause if winning is really my enemy
I pull a nine out, blow my mind out
Is the end of me really serenity?
Man in my house, it's rap or die
Get a piece of that apple pie
Life is a Pharcyde song, and that bitch just passes by
So I, got lyrically complex, that way I could clock checks
Get my moms out the projects, with these concepts, competition can't digest
And then I stress cause the road is rough
I start feeling like shit's sour
The electricity in my will power could still power the twin towers
For ten hours, so send cowards
The message from Crooked I
Royce Da 5, Joe Budden, Em, Yaowa

In our, house we spit like Sig Sauers
The way I feel now I could spit for six hours
Straight, only way to be great, is to dig down, 
If you can hear this sound inside my head sounds like a fucking drive-by
That's what the inside of my mind's like
Looking back on my career, even hindsight, tunnel vision, 5 mics
Never wanted that so bad well I got-ta go mad
Nomad with a notepad
Go Taz, spaz on these ho bags
That bother me, but I never wanna show that
Just don't act like it ever does
Even though you know that there will never come
A day someone blows past you, never was
Someone who's as dope as you ever was
And you hope that's, true cause the competitor in you
Couldn't let somebody be better than you
And you know that, so you don't ever hold back
What you gonna go back, to working a regular job?
Fuck that, I'm gonna go hard grab on my, gonads
Tell them fuck themselves
They call me a wigger like Renee Zell
But I raised hell like a stay-at-home dad
Rap is the only thing that I was ever really, bad to the bone at
Guess I'm similar to, gangrene when I'm, angry then I'm
Hulk Smash, so much passion but no compassion
If eyes are the windows to the soul
Then it's, broken glass and there's no trespassing
Alright now here we go
Dre stamped me now I'm stamping Yelawolf
Get ready for the most competitive
Clique in the world it's like Clash Of The Titans
I released the cracker it's time to set it again
And when it's said and it's all done
None shall ever fuck with this squadron
So come on in, at your own risk
This is (Our House) Bitch!

So welcome, to our house
Where no one, comes back out
You won't find, comfort
In here, in here, in here

Nah, we ain't goin 
I love bein hated, it great it
Let's me know that I made it
I wouldn't have it no other way
I wouldn't trade it for the world
Only let's me know that I'm loved
By so many other motherfuckers that ain't you
And as long, as you keep fuckin with us, we keep fuckin you up
And keep pullin the rug from up under you
And what's ever more fucked up, is we enjoy what were doin
So much there ain't nothin that we love more than +Pullin Your Skirts Up+
And exposin you hoes so much, people are startin to wonder
What's up with them fuckin one dough a man under-els
Do unto others of you will have done under you
So who the fuck you motherfuckers gonna run to
When someone runs up with a mask and puts a gun to you [gun cocks]
You will ask youself, how come your mans
Didn't enter that last round that he had in Curtis Jackson's ass while he had the chance
You keep askin us to keep it on wax but we can't
This is past any irrationalization
We have captured national media attention
Conversation is senseless, you can sense the tension start buildin
Soon as we enter the '106th & Park' building
Someone's gonna get killed and I swear to God
If someone so much as even touches one of my people
I'll put a million on his head
And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it
But I'd rather rap than get into this gangsta shit
And it ain't because I'm a bitch
It's because I ain't a bitch, I don't endanger people that I'm with
I'm a general, I ain't Bush, I don't send my soldiers to war
I'm right there in the middle of the shit with 'em, so when I do get 'em
Orders to storm your headquarters, you'll be fuckin with a ..

[Swifty McVay]
Fuckin with a peacekeeper, see you the nigga that greet this lyrical meat cleaver
That I eat ya, niggaz wanna keep speakin, like it ain't even that deep
I got heat that'll sweep a niggaz street [explosion]
See I wouldn't fuck with me neither, only heaven can help ya
I'll be searchin for you longer than the "Legend of Zelda"
Without a failure, there's gonna be hell to tell the
Captain that a bassett hound couldn't even smell ya
Body, when I hide ya, I be on that mob shit
You another Hoffa, under the Renaissance bitch
You get bombed like Lebanon [explosion] with my own tactic
I snatch your head like one of Saddam's kids

[Obie Trice]
Motherfucker, I'll handle you
We can have it out on any Avenue
A +Average Man+ flipped into an animal
Shoot out your mandibles
Cannons and ammunition, reload with precision
Nigga know the mechanicals
Break the pistol down, you should see them handles
The street taught the child, no read up manuals
Push your crack vows, young Nino Brown
Chasin green is the dream, when your young and brown
Bound to be a problem child, look what I'm involved in now
A 'Dozen Dirty' niggaz and they all get down
Dissolve any problem that enlarge with ours
When revolvers we said "all men get down" ([gunshot], c'mon)

[Kuniva]
While your punchin and tacklin punks
I'm handlin chumps, packin a pump
That's longer than the elephant trunk [gun cocks]
On the streets I'm a beast, I feast upon the weak
So speak beef, I'll shot you and scream "increase the peace"
A monster, pistol packin pushin niggaz off they Hondas
Starve ya, get it crackin, yankin bitches for they ganja
Sneaky as fuck, I don't think mama beat me enough
When she was sleepin stuff, I was stealin the keys to the truck
Shut the fuck up, before you end up dead in the dump truck
Or in the streets takin a nap, bleedin and Lugged up
+Who Want What+ like M. Bleek, with this heat if you ten deep
Then fuck it, it will be ten sleepin [gunshots]

[Proof]
Know much about my a land ski
Don't tustle with my hand speed
Clutch your burner, bust it and watch your man bleed
We ferocious, toast no holsters
Approach us, throw heat straight from the soldiers (c'mon, [gunshot])
We the soldiers, ya'll the youngsters (ha)
Youngsters lungs puncture, dead in a dumpster [gunshot]
Upstairs the Munsters, hand full of drama
You scared of the drama, bomber the monster [gun cocks, boof]
I'm back nigga (woof), I reappear
Shoot like [gunshot], homie steer clear
Blackness, carcass covered with cat fish
We murkers with no purpose other than practice

[Bizarre]
There's three things I hate: liars, fakes and cheaters
Alcoholics, sluts and fuckin wife beaters
A gat that describes my life
I don't even know who song this is [Obie Trice]
Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck about no hip hop
At my release party in a pink tank top in Reeboks [laughing]
This Ja Rule beef I ain't gettin in
I'll meet an are & be	 singer to sing at my wedding
I turn your face into a fuckin meat patty
I'll fuck your mommy and go fishin with your granny
I'll +Shit on You+, I'll pee on R. Kelly too
This is Bizarre, see you "Devil's Night 2"

(Don't kill me)

Thank you!

Go, go, go (what the, f***?)
What the f*** are you doing?
Mothaf***er bail on me? F*** you!

Aw, you gotta be f***ing kidding me
Are you f***ing kidding me?
S***!
Get off

(Haha)

The parking lot
S***, ah!
(Let me see your hands, prank's over)
F*** it!

Hey Em, you know you my favorite white boy right?
I owe you for this one

I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
You can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
It feels like my flows been hot for so long
If you thinking I'm fucking fall off your so wrong

Innocent in my head, like a baby born dead
Destination heaven, sit and politic with passengers from nine eleven
The lords blessings leave me lyrically inclined
Shit I ain't even gotta try to shine
God's the seamstress that tailor fitted my pain
I got scriptures in my brain I could spit at your dame
Straight out the good book, look, niggas is shook
50 fears no man, warrior swing swords like Conan
Picture me pen in hand write lines knowing the source'll quote it
When I die, they'll read this and say a genius wrote it
I grew up without my pops should that make me bitter?
I caught cases I copped out does that make me a quitter?
In this white man's world I'm similar to a squirrel
Lookin for a slut with a nice butt to get a nut
If I get shot today my phone will stop ringing again
These industry niggaz ain't friends, they know how to pretend

Patiently waiting to make it through all the hating
Debating whether or not you could even weather the storm.
Just lay on the table they operating to save you
Its like an angel came to you sent from the heavens above

They think they're crazy but they ain't crazy lets face it, shit basically
They just playing sick, they ain't shit They ain't saying shit, spray 'em Fifty
A to the K, get in the way I'll bring Dre and them wit me
And turn this day into fucking mayhem you staying with me?
Don't let me lose you, I'm not trying to confuse you
When I let loose with this Uzi and just shoot through your Isuzu
You get the message am I getting through to you?
You know whats coming you motherfuckers don't even know do you?
Take some Big and some Pac and you mix them up in a pot
Sprinkle a little Big L on top, and what the fuck do you got?
You got the realest and illest killers tied up in a knot
The Juggernauts of this rap shit like it or not
Its like a fight to the top just to see who died for the spot
You put your life in this, nothing like surviving the shot
Y'all know what time it is as soon as Fifty signs on this dot
Shit what you know about death threats, 'cause I get a lot
Shady Records was eighty seconds away from the towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building they meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children - nuclear shower
There's nothing spookier, you're now about to witness the power of fuckin Fifty

I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
You can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
It feels like my flows been hot for so long
If you thinking I'm fucking fall off your so wrong

I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
You can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
It feels like my flows been hot for so long
If you thinking I'm fucking fall off your so wrong

The guns spark when the shots go off
Its fifty, they say its Fifty
See a nigga laid out with his fucking top blown off
Its fifty, man that wasn't Fifty, they don't holla my name

You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw, you should watch your mouth
Cause I'll break your face, have your ass running
Mumbling to the Jake, you going against me dog you making a mistake
Ill split you have you looking like the Michael Jackson's jackets with all them zippers
I'm the boss on this boat, you can call me skipper
The way I turn the money over you should call me flipper
Your bitch, a regular bitch, you calling her wifey
I fucked her, I feed her fast food, you keeping her icy
I'm down to sell records but not my soul
Snoop said this in 94' "We don't love them hoes"
I got pennies for my thoughts, now I'm rich
See the twenty's spinning looking mean on the six
Niggas wearing flags, 'cause the colors match they clothes
They get caught in the wrong hood and get filled up with holes (motherfucker).

I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
You can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
It feels like my flows been hot for so long
If you thinking I'm fucking fall off your so wrong

I've been patiently waiting for a track to explode on
You can stun if you want and your ass will get rolled on
It feels like my flows been hot for so long
If you thinking I'm fucking fall off your so wrong

Its fifty

Em, it's Paul
Listen, 
Joel just called me 
And he told me you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio, 
Shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range. 
I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, 
Like an idiot, outside of your home. 
You're gonna get yourself on trouble.
Don't bring your gun outside of your home 
You can't carry it on you. 
Leave your fuckin' gun at home.

(When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down)
This is what it sounds like when I'm breakin' it down
(Yeah I'm breakin' it down)
Man this is what it feels like, when I'm breakin' it down
(When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down)
It's not my fault
It's not fault (I'm hot man!)
It's not my fault
It's not my fault

Till the sun comes up, every night
We party and we party 'til daylight
We be gettin' it in come on we gettin' it in
A lil' Hennessey, a lil' juice and gin
It's not a fantasy, it's not pretend
We gon' do it, we gon' do it, we gon' do it again
Till the sun comes up, every night
We party and we party 'til daylight

I shouldn't have to tell you shorty you should know
I'm really been lookin' into yo' freak show
You gimme a little baby and I'ma want mo'
O.D.B. said that I like it raaaw!
Exotic her body been movin' on the flo'
Enough to make a nigga lose control
I'm down to go wherever you wan' go
Ya got a man now keep it on the low
I do my thing you know I gets my dough
I got a few stacks me and you can blow
We get into the hotel after the show
I know how to romance ya, be my private dancer, yeah

On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go
Racin' off to see yo' peep show
It turn me on to see you on the flo'
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down
Ready or not shorty now here I come
Shake that thing girl now back it up
Work it, work it, girl you turn me on
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down

They say I'm not the same it's 'cause I'm filthy mayne
I'm off the chain I don't play no games
I'm hustlin' hard homie I do my thang
You fuck wit' the paper then watch the hammer go bang
Now shorty I like the way she move them hips
I'm tryna get her in my bedroom and shit
We can take a long time or get it done quick
We can camcord the shit make a boom-boom flick
It's oh so many places that we can go
I really want you shorty shorty now you should know
Girl ya body's callin' me hear you loud and clear
We ain't got to leave now we can do it right here

On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go
Racin' off to see yo' peep show
It turn me on to see you on the flo'
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down
Ready or not shorty now here I come
Shake that thing girl now back it up
Work it, work it, girl you turn me on
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down

The way you move (the way you move)
You make me lose (you make me lose)
All control (all control)
I know you know (I know you know)

You're so seductive, you make me wanna touch it
I ain't got to tell ya, you know I wanna fuck ya
I'm feelin' your ya better watch me now
My tongue'll be in ya mouth my hands'll be in ya blouse
When you get me aroused you put a spell on me
Man if I can't have ya I'm a go crazy
I want you bad now and if you want me
Girl come to me now, I said come to me now

Come to me now? You gon' come to me now?
Apple in ya mouth, tackled on the couch
Shackled in the house, I'll be back in about
Twenty minutes or less, wit' my Hannibal mask
And when you wiggle around and giggle in that cage
I know I couldn't wait to get you off that stage
From the moment I met you had to let you know
I just wanted to get you through my bedroom do'
You makin' me feel like I'm in middle school still
You squeal like a little girl you pitiful, chill
We gon' fuck, I just popped this little blue pill
You can leave but wait, I gotta shit on you still
I shouldn't have to tell you shorty you should know
I hope you really gettin' in to my creep show
And let me shit on ya chest and if some pee comes out
Just guzzle it down, just guzzle it down

On ya mark, get set girl, now here we go
Racin' off to see yo' peep show
It turn me on to see you on the flo'
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down
Ready or not shorty now here I come
Shake that thing girl now back it up
Work it, work it, girl you turn me on
When ya breakin' it down, keep breakin' it down

It's not my fault
It's not my fault, I can break it down
It's not my fault
It's not my fault, can ya break it down?
It's not my fault
It's not my fault, I can break it down
It's not my fault
It's not my fault, can ya break it down?

O' Trice c'mon

Yeah, n****s got me, I'm a get 'em, it ain't ovah

You can catch me in the whip with a fifth of pimp juice
And I'm poppin' a clip, 'bout to fix this issue
Ya pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you
Ya gonna need an ambulance to stitch ya tissue
Or either have a bag on ya hip to s*** through
Ya seen us on the Ave ain't just to get you
While my penis is a mag when I lift it hit you
Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

Solemnly swear, on my daughters tears, the n**** that got 'em in the head
To fill it before the year ends, I hope ya inconspicuous my friend
Cause once the word get back you in a world of sin (Sin!)
Bullets will hurdle at him for tryin' ta murder whats, been determined
As the first solo African (Me!) It go platinum with an accident that
Happened with maggots I'm alive with vengeance to get back my momma's
Blood pressure was affected from that my little girl needed a daddy
On the phone at a certain time exact now, and n****s act wild, when
The mac come out, ya n****s exiled (BLA-OW!) and I don't wanna hear
X - Y - Z, Im X'ing out your whole entity for tryin' ta kill me (Me n****!)
Filthy muthaf***as I'll show you a real B when he's H2B light up your
Kidneys I'm so sincere you're sayin' it hurts this year, its not a verse
It's a curse for birds and what's on your purse and over here this is Obie
Here I'm clear, n****s beware I'm coming at you with firearms and yeah (Yeah!)
Your purpose on superflowas how can I be merciful when merky needs
Mercenary school n**** I got paper I had your a** urgently exposed
No emergencies bring ya back ya souls, slugs shatter ya bones pat pat me
In the dome, learn this pattern we catch 'em at home, we wrong, that's when
Automatics sporadically catch 'em in the abdomen another dirty muthaf***as gone.

You can catch me in the whip with a fifth of pimp juice
And I'm poppin' a clip, 'bout to fix this issue
Ya pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you
Ya gonna need an ambulance to stitch ya tissue
Or either have a bag on ya hip to s*** through
Ya seen us on the Ave ain't just to get you
While my penis is a mag when I lift it hit you
Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol

I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared, yeah yeah
I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared
I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared, yeah yeah
I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared

You see, I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy
I said I got my knife pulled, I'll kill you if you make me
They wanna see me shot up, locked up and cage me
I'll come back bigger, stronger and angry

Look look, I've come from a different crew
You fuck with me, I'll get to you
A clip or two, I'll put through you
'Cause I ain't got shit to do
Pistol poppin', a pussy drop
Drama never ever stop
Eenie meenie miney moe
Now tre pound or 44
Pick a strap the Tec, the Mac
The hawk I'll stab it in your back
I'll blow your brains, I know your name
And where you rest, I'll make a mess
The hollow tips hit ya chest
Call for blood to E-M-S
Come pick you up
You know you fucked when
You get on a stretcher
'Cause I'll come in to ICU
To see you off to heaven
The system I done been through it
There's nothing new to me
They locked me up they let me out
You seen this in the movies
The criminals be criminals
Why they up in corrections
They come home, get a 9
Nigga commit trying perfection
It's murder when they found the gun now they doing ballistic
But they can't find a fingerprint the shit's going terrific
Get so close to your target that it's really hard to miss it

You see, I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy
I said I got my knife pulled, I'll kill you if you make me
They wanna see me shot up, locked up and cage me
I'll come back bigger, stronger and angry

Man, these are average raps, I'm keeping the savage batch hidden
The can of whoop ass with the Shady/Aftermath lid
You pop off the top, it's like opening vats of acid
Beat the Octomom to death with a Cabbage Patch Kid
Attack a snatch, yeah, there's something to jack a batch in
Impregnated then shoot up the embryo sack with Mac-10s'
Triplets, quadruplets, and a couple of back-to-back twins
Dead fetuses falling out all over, Jack is back again
The Ripper's at your service, girl I can see that you're nervous
But I barely scratched the surface like my last batch of girlfriends
That I buried in my fucking backyard still trying to dig their way out
I foam like an attack dog, how late you wanna stay out?
It's past your curfew when it's dark, I'm searching for you in the park
Shady murdered him another virgin, he just hit his mark
He met his quota for the month, they found Dakota all rolled up
Inside a bag, he probably dragged the body for about a block
Disappeared without a trace, no DNA, no not a drop
'Cause me and Dre and 50 we will never get caught by the cops
CSI, they hate us, but they gotta give a lot of props
The drama pops, grab the butcher knife from off the counter tops

You see, I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy
I said I got my knife pulled, I'll kill you if you make me
They wanna see me shot up, locked up and cage me
I'll come back bigger, stronger and angry

I'm as ill as can be
My appeal is to serial killers what a pill is to me
Killing so villainously
Still as maniacal on the NyQuil and psycho as Michael Myers
You know what we're like on the motherfucking mic so try us
And you're gonna find out what the fuck we're like with pliers

It's operation time, they got him hooked up to wires
Squeezing, he bleeding wheezing, breathing he half dead
He must ain't know, but now he know how Shady the Math is
Even murderous tactics get better with practice
Lead showers, gun powder, feel the talons burn burn
School of arts, Julliard, you better learn learn

Chris Reeves in his grave, yeah, homie, turn turn
I'm debating mutilating the lady
You've been waiting for Shady and Fif, ain't no duplicating it, baby
There's a baby in the dryer, there's a torso in the washer
I think it might even belong to Portia when I tossed her
Arms and legs in the garbage, cause the rest of her, I lost her
Her head is in the disposal with Jessica's, I squashed her
I put her on the ringer and hung her over the wash tub

When I'm through with Ricky it'll be blood that he'll cough up
The hard rock I'll soft up, get caught up and get washed up
In Detroit or Norfolk, witness this shit, end up nauseous
Look deep in my eye, see many many men die
I swing gem stars faster than a Samurai

You see, I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy
I said I got my knife pulled, I'll kill you if you make me
They wanna see me shot up, locked up and cage me
I'll come back bigger, stronger and angry

I sense someone's tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin' to pull my file soon
I might be walking blindfold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them iTunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking dead man
Blank stare dead pan look at my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of nowhere
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tried to take the Fifth Amendment use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heroes splinters
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of September 11th
Flash back to September 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assassinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Who's they for them to say touche
We're all vulnerable and it's spooky
This is about as kooky as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
You can run you can do what you want to
But you know you ain't gonna do nuttin'
When it's time it's your time
You are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy Number One

There I go, thinkin' of you again

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down
And write you a little poem
But off of the dome it would probably be a little more
More suitable for this type of song, whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head
That I could think of
Sixteen bars just ain't enough to put some ink to
So fuck it I'm a start right here and just be brief
About to rattle off some other reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo
Of you on my arm, but what do I go and do?
I go and get another one, now I got two, ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim, shit
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfucking thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standin' here cryin' over you, boohoo

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down
And write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter, that you'd probably just shred up, yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink to
A stupid piece of paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts you fuckin' slut I hope you die, die
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you it makes me want to yack, ack
But what else can I do? I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I want to do is puke

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not know
You may not think you do but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

Uh yo yo yo yo

I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been to mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

Yo, yo
Cool, calm, just like my mom
With a couple of Valium inside her palm
It's Mr. Mischief with a trick up his sleeve
To roll up on you like Christopher Reeves
I can't describe the vibe I get
When I drive by six people and five I hit (oops)
Aw shit, I started a mosh pit
Squashed a bitch and stomped her foster kids (AHH!)
These 'shrooms make me hallucinate
Then I sweat till I start losin' weight
'Til I see dumb shit start happenin'
Dumber than Vanilla Ice tryin' to rap again
So bounce, bounce, come on bounce
I said come on, bounce
Everybody in the house with a half an ounce (me!)
Not weed, I meant coke, dumb-ass sit down
We don't bullshit, better ask around
D-12 throws the bombest bash in town
Bizarre, your mom is passin' out
Get her ass on the couch 'fore she crashes out
Come on!

Fuck that, someone help Denaun
He's upstairs naked with a weapon drawn
Heh, hey Von you see me steppin' on these leprechauns?
It gotta be acid cause the X is gone
Ya I took them all dawg with some parmesan
And I think my arm is gone
Naw it's probably numb
Young, dumb, and full of cum
And I think he 'bout to swallow his tongue
Scary ass it was a false alarm
You think I'm 'bout to die when I just got on?
Yo stop actin' stupid
You so high that you might wake up with a guy on some new shit (EWW!)
Yeah I think I did too much, this substance equals cups
Red pills, blue pills, and green, big pills (that's ill), mescaline!

I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been to mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other out and date each other
Some, somethin', some'un, some'un, some'un

Pop pills, pills I pop
Pop two pills on stilts I walk
Snort two lines that were filled with chalk
Thought it was Incredible and killed the Hulk
I wanna, roll away like a rollerblade
Until my eyes roll back in my skull for days
And when I'm, old and gray look for dope to smoke
No okey-doke, I'm packin' my nose with coke
Am I supposed to choke?
Had an accident when the Trojan broke
Ahh, poor baby, born by whore lady
Now I gotta strangle a (you're crazy!)

I pop fo' E's at one time
And I don't need water when I'm swallowin' mine
(Yeah, you got any shrooms?) Does Bizarre smoke crack?
We can't get jobs cause our arms show tracks
Why the hell you niggaz think I rap?
We do it just to get your company hijacked
And if you like smack (uh-huh) then I might too
(Swift, chill) I just wanna get high like you! (ewww)
And I don't give a damn if they white or blue (uh-huh)
Speed, 'shrooms, down the valiums (uh-huh)
Even smoke weed outta vacuums
I just copped some and I'm goin back soon

I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been to mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

I'm at rave lookin' like a slave, high off chronic
Gin and tonic demonic, body smell like vomit
Pussy poppin', acid droppin', dope-headed guy
Heroin mescaline, pencilnecks, wanna try?
Blue pills, golden seals, got Bizarre, actin' ill
Drugs kill (yeah right) bitch, I'm for real!!!
Shut your mouth you dirty slut, you know you want it in your butt
I'll put it in your cunt, let Bizarre nut!

I take a couple uppers, I down a couple downers
But nothing compares to these blue and yellow purple pills
I've been to mushroom mountain, once or twice but who's countin'
But nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple pills

Dirty Dozen, eighty of us, Shady brothers, ladies love us
That's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other
They probably wanna take each other out and date each other
Some, somethin, some'un, some'un, some'un

Some days I just want to up and call it quits,
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks,
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits,
My life's like one great big ball of shit,
If I could just put it all into all I spit,
Stead of always tryin to swallow it,instead of starin at this wall and shit,
While I sit writers block sick of all this shit, can't call it, shit,
All I know is I'm about to hit the wall if I have to see another one of mom's alcoholic fits,
This is it, last straw, that's all, that's it,
I ain't dealin with another fuckin politic,
I'm like a skillet, bubblin until it filter's up,
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin up,
Blow this building up, I've concealed enough,
My cup runneth over, I done filled it up,
The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts,
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts,
Well I'ma show you what, you gon feel my rush,
You don't feel it then it must be too real to touch,
Bill the dutch, I'm about to tear shit up,
Goosebumps, yea, I'ma make your hair sit up,
Yea sit up, I'ma tell you who I be,
I'ma make you hate me, cause you ain't me,
You wait, it ain't too late to finally see,
What you closed minded fucks were too blind to see,
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee, Out this world,
Ain't no one out they mind as me,
You need peace of mind, here's a piece of mine, all I need's a line,
But sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme,
To express how I'm really feelin at that time,
Yea sometimes, sometimes, sometimes,
Just sometimes, it's always me, how dark can these hallways be,
The clock strikes midnight, one, two, then half past three,
This half ass rhyme with this half ass piece of paper,
I'm desperate at my desk, if I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest again,
Stuck in this slump, can't think of nothin,
Fuck I'm stumped, uh, wait, here comes somethin,
Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out,
New pad, krinkle it up and throw the shit out,
I'm fizzlin out, thought I figured it out,
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out,
I'm afraid, but why am I afraid, why am I slave to this trade,
Cyanide, I spit to the grave, real enough to rile you up,
Want me to flip it, I can rip it any style you want,
I'm a switch-hitter, bitch, Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter,
I'ma sit until I get enough in me to finally hit a fuckin boilin point,
Put some oil in your joints, flip the coin bitch, come get destroyed,
An M.C.'s worst dream, I make em jinxed,
They hate me, see me and shake like a chain-link fence,
By the looks of em you would swear that Jaws was comin,
By the screams of em you would swear I'm sawin someone,
By the way they're runnin you would swear the law was comin,
It's now or never, and tonight it's all or nothin,
Mama, Jimmy keeps leavin on us, he said he'd be back,
He pinky-promised, I don't think he's honest,
I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock,
Fuck this clock, I'ma make them eat this watch,
Don't believe me, watch, I'ma win this race,
And I'ma come back and rub my shit in your face, bitch,
I found my nitch, you gon hear my voice
Till you sick of it, you ain't gonna have a choice,
If I gotta scream til I have half a lung,
If I have half a chance, I'll grab it,
Rabbit run!

Dre (Em)
Yeah, definitely, definitely dope.
Definitely, K-Mart.
Yeah, yeah

You find me offensive? I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence if I should draw the line any fences
If so to what extent if at
Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other people's expenses
I say your all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I, had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luther
I killed Superman, I killed super-man
Man how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite the green chronic

'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is,
I forgot my name!
My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is,
Rain man

Now in the Bible it says
Thou shall not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless of course you were given the consent to join in
Then of course, it's intercourse
And it's bisexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to as such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
But who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up, I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't need to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because

'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is,
I forgot my name!
My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is,
Rain man

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the goddamn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite the green chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high fived Nick Lachey
Stuck a pen in Jessica's head and walked away
And she blew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom I
Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no goddamn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

'Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is,
I forgot my name!
My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is,
Rain man

'Cause
Yo, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and seventy three thousand
Four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)

Last month I spent two weeks on a vacation
I had a dream that I was inside of my PlayStation
Did you ever lay down, take a nap and loose it?
I dreamt I was stuck in this game called Rap Music
I started off underground in a dark room
With a freestyle, a sawed-off pump and a harpoon
That transform to a pen in case of a words war
And opened the first door that led to the first floor
I got attacked by a couple of rap acts
They wore dreads, these army pants and these backpacks
I hit one over the head with a broken verb
The muthafucka tried to hit me with some spoken word
But it didn't work, and I finished him and his boys
And disappeared from the scene without makin' a noise
I used up four bars but I earned a punchline
And proceeded to Level 2: Land of the Unsigned

[Chorus]
We don't play those games
Would you listen here?
What I'm doin he're?
Get me outta here

We don't play those games
This is gettin' wild
Can you tell me how?
Let me out now

We don't play those games
How'd I get in here?
Let me outta here
What I'm doin' here?

We don't play those games
This is no fun
Got me on the run
Rap 2K1

I got attacked right away when I walked in
By a four-foot manager with a contract and a pen
I put up my force shield to block any attempt
At this shrimp drainin' my life twenty percent
The floor opened up and I almost fell inside
But I used my mic right, I swung to the other side
And just when I thought I avoided the booby trap
I got slapped by a female MC with a doobie rag
And this chick was tryin' to be herd like she raised cattle
But I remembered somethin' I seen on the Blaze Battle
Whoever sold you them shoes, they fooled you
I killed her with a verse about her fucked up weave and her fake FUBU
A record exec then appeared in a black limo
And started to attack with a bag full of wack demos
And I will admit: it was hard as hell to kill
So I stabbed him with an invoice and a studio bill

[Chorus]

I made it to the next level: Above Ground
My soundscanner then picks up on this bug sound
I pull out the sawed-off pump and I get it cocked
And that's when this A&R; crawled from under a rock
And start shootin' opinions, I stop, drop and I roll
Cause if they was to hit me, they'd penetrate to my soul
I hid behind some trees and I held my weapon tightly
His street team was up on the roof tryin' to snipe me
It took a while to finish em all but I finally did it
Then out comes this powerful beast known as the critic
With a fully loaded magazine and mad drama
My harpoon shots just bounced off of his armor
Now I wish I would've stayed down in the dark caves
I'm runnin' towards these big-ass fans with these sharp blades
But he was right behind me holdin' a flame thrower
So I jumped through the blades and I died, game over

[Chorus]

Yeah, Shady (Woo!)
Ha ha, 50 Cent
G-G-G-G-G-G-UNIT
(Here we go again, yeah)
Uh huh, ha ha ha
Does it make you mad, when I switch my flow
You can't understand, how I get my dough
50 Cent, I'm on fire, 'cause Shady said so
(Here we go!) I'm on fire

Everybody's in a rush, to try and get the throne
I just get on the track, and try to set the tone
I ain't tryna use nobody, as a stepping stone
But don't compare me, I'm better off, just left alone
And I ain't even tryna go there, with record sales
I'm just tryna keep it humble, and respect myself
Say what up, keep stepping, and just rep D-12
Keep my nose clean and stay away from, weapons, jail
And living reckless, but if you gon' check my belt
You may see something else, I use to protect myself
A vest, to stop a Ruger, and deflect its shells
And send 'em back at you, faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops, that'll legally pop you
And I den seen a lotta people, cross the line
But this motherfucker Ja, must have lost his mind
That ex, got him thinking he was DMX
Then he switched to Pac, now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you, X, Luther, Pac or Michael
Just keep singing the same song, recycled
We all much rather get along, than fight you
Me and Halie dance to ya songs, we like you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
Come on now, you know the white boy will bite you
I hurt ya pride dog, and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, wit syllable after
Syllable I'll just slap ya, killin' you faster
Then you popin' pill after, little pill of them tabs of
That shit you're on, but if you want it, you got it
You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns, we could charge harder than Busta
We bump heads, wit any motherfucka' that wants ta
So what's the, deal, what's with all the tough talk
When I walked up to you, like "Ja, what up dog?"
How come you didn't say, you had a problem then
When you were standing there with all ya men
We could have solved it then, I'm a grown man dog, come holla
All you did was laugh then, smile and swallow
Another one of those little ex pills, in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything, that you wanna be, come on

[Chorus: x2]
I, know, you don't want it wit me
You, know, you don't want it wit me
You, talk, but soon we goin' see
You, don't wanna bump heads with me

(Tony Yayo!) You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you
Ja you Stuard Little, shells'll lift you
Every other week, I'm buying a new pistol
I clap at yo ass, wit this chrome .38
And put six through ya hats, that's seven and 3-8
Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you shook night
I put my knife in ya wind pipe, you bleed on the turnpike
You know and I know, who took ya chain
You got robbed two times, so ya ass a lame
I there to die for this shit, all I need is bail
You better stick to the movies, with Steven Segal

[Chorus: x2]

(Lloyd Banks!) Fuck that I'm tired of hearing
These industry niggas starting to get outta hand
Like I won't find ya whereabouts, by stomp-ing 'em out ya man
You killing New York, even in Comp-ton, they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate up out the van, and
They see me pop up on icy, cause I could
You den lost yo money, prolly forgot yo way around the hood (hood)
Cause when you paranoid, it's hard to make good songs
How you want it wit' us, when half your artists got makeup on
Every magazine I open, you on ya knees, taking prayer pictures
And you ain't even get shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nothing about what pain is sucka
I put yo ass to the ground, like a train conductor, motherfucker

[Chorus: x2]

Yeah, nigga!
Yeah, Shady, Aftermath, G-Unit!
What the fuck you think they call us G-Unit for?
'Cause we move units, uh huh
And don't think we ain't billing you
For this motherfucking studio time
Matter fact keep it over fifty, we call it even, ha

Remember me? ("There been executions")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm high, power!")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this, why it's the X, you retarded?
'Cause I grab the mic and get down, like syndrome
Hide in Rome and to the masses, without boundaries
Which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, colleague words is controversial
Like I'm not, the one you want to contest, see
'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch
That got "Banned From TV"
Heavyweight get up, watch you're whole head split up
Loco is the motion, weed comin' through
Hollow tips in the lead, the .45 through

Remember me? ("Throw ya guns in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga back da fuck up!")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggas catchin' "no" for an answer, ghetto no
Yeah, I've been told no but it's more like
"No, no, no!!"
Life's a bitch, yeah it'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This ved is a head, the shit is all redder, you deader and deader
I better extended the cheddars and credda
Instead of vendetta, a mellow beretta from ghetto to gutter
Evidence? Nope! Never leave a shredda
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me and hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dike bitches total
Want beef, nigga? Psh better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably say "he ain't a killa", but I'm killin' myself
Smoke def, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'm a do to you, have done to you
Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a bullet too
What you want to do, cocksuckers? We're glockbusters
'Til the cops cuff us, gonna start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin' wires niggas wantin' me dead
Wantin' my head, you think it could be somethin' I said?

Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm shady!")

When I go out, I'm a go out shootin'
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin' to clean up my fuckin' image,
So I promised the fuckin' critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin'" for six minutes
(Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blond
So I made me a song, killed her and put Haley on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin' these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
(Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?)
Came home, and somebody must've broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trench coats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
With M-16's with ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clintin's speech to fix these streets?
Fuck that! Psh you fagots can vanish to volcanic ash
And re-appear in hell with a can of gas, and a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin' at, nigga?)
Don't you remember me?
Remember me?
Remember me?!
Remember me?!

Motherfuckers,
Say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing
What I do through and through and
I give you the news, with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view
The renegade, you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
Pop toasters, and they live with they moms
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggas crotched over
Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No he's not around, now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I bring it through the ghetto without riding 'round
Hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt

Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause see they call me a menace, and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then why y'all  swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Using his music to steer it sharing his views in his marriage
But there's a huge interference, they're saying you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
As a motherfucking drug addict, like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage!
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
Think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go, he's (Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga)
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the

Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!
(Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at, any given time of day)
(Cause I'm a (renegade) Never been afraid to holler)
(About anything (anything?) Anything (anything!))

I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
What you hollering? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver
Doo-rag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box leftier often
My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown, 'specially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up
Raisin my fingers to critics, raisin my head to the sky
Big I did it, multi before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight

See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
As a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
While I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Making this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a motherfucking

Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!
(Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at, any given time of day)
(Cause I'm a (renegade) Never been afraid to holler)
(About anything (anything?) Anything (anything!))

Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (anything) anything (anything), renegade!
(Never been afraid to say)
(What's on my mind at, any given time of day)
(Cause I'm a (renegade) Never been afraid to holler)
(About anything (anything?) Anything (anything!))

Like Leo in The Revenant
Abel in that Bible bit
Revenge is sweet isn't it?
I really, really hope for it
I know that it won't fix a thing
A song like this that I could sing for you
All the feels you make me do
A nightmare fucking coming true
I wish I was a lawyer, I would sue you
Sue you, take your dog, take your house, take your shoes, take your heart

Now here comes that singing part
I'm daydreaming
Let me count the ways (let me count the ways)
How I'll get you (get you) or how I'll make you pay
Babe, I'm hurtin' (hurtin')
And now you'll feel the same
That's my plan (that's my plan)
That's my plan
That's my plan

We could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet
We could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet

Now here's where girlfriends come in hand
Especially those that understand
Crime's a crime but listen man
Really cannot give a damn
We've all been through this kind of thing
Say the word we make it sting for him
He can't just get away with it
Eye for eye you piece of shit
You treat us like a garbage pit
Let me at him, wait for it, wait for it

Here comes that singing part
I'm daydreaming (I'm daydreaming)
Let me count the ways (let me count the ways)
How I'll get you (I'll get you)
Or how I'll make you pay (you pay)
Babe, I'm hurtin' (I'm hurtin')
And now you'll feel the same (feel the same)
That's my plan
That's my plan
That's my plan

We could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet
We could do revenge revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet (revenge is sweet)

Well, in the beginning we felt like we was meant to be
I fell for you and skinned my knee, but hell with any injury
Eventually you'll get up gingerly
It feels like it'll take a century to heal, but just know that I will
But fuck trying to make amends, I'd rather take revenge
You're stickin' safety pins inside my atrium, your day begins at 8 p.m.
You hit the ATM in my Mercedes Benz with all your lady friends, whores 
Hit the club and you go out don't know a sum
'Cause when I calculate the times you cheated and total up all the amounts
It doesn't add up 'cause you say that just giving out your number doesn't count (I hate you)
Then see me with someone new get mad and flip it look how bad you spin it
First you turn your back on me then tell me that I stabbed you in it
Stabbed you in it (stabbed you in it, stabbed you in it, stabbed you in it, stabbed you in it)
Slut! 
So when you're driving, driving to his house
And you pass me while I'm driving to hers
Just remember
You cheated on me first
You're a whore, you're a whore
This is war

Fellas, ladies

We could do revenge, revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet (so sweet, oh)
We could do revenge revenge, revenge, revenge
Together, together, together
We could take revenge, revenge, revenge
Revenge is sweet (fuck, yeah!) (Fuck, no!)

I've drowned in high from the ashes
Now I can't recall your laughter
The smoke of everything go grasp
At ends of what's left over
And the lights in every broken
Blown-out window screaming, laughing
I hope to feel it coursing out
This is our revival

Aw man
You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?

You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, you're pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this
You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
From splitting your shit wide open, no stitches can save
You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say "Isn't this great?"
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
That's starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene but it's too late
It's absolute pandemonium
Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate
Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today
Could of made you anticipate auch an ass-whipping, okay
'Til the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace cause Shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill
Cause if you doubt me you will, yeah got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy, how do you feel ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh hell nah
He must be trying to kill my buzz
I will not budge, so what the deal ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that
Cause they want in on the act, there's a cognac bottle
We snuck it in cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap
I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like "This guy might hurt me"
You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out or go powder your nose
Pussy the louder you yell the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes
You set it off faggot so now how do you 'spose
We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us and
Adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe for nothing
My signature ligature marks, look at you all
Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you is so sick it's Bizarre
Shit this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments, ah
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that
You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap
In fact I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

So what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

Yeah, what the deal?
I'm feeling hard as hell right now homie
I almost feel
Invincible and shit
Ay Dre! You got me feeling like I can't be touched right now fool
I'm unstoppable
Damn

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand
So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care
Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Suzanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

A one-night stand turned a two-night stand
It was "come sunlight, scram," now we hug tight, and
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue
Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew
And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit (Fuck!)

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh)
River (ooh), river run
Call me (ooh), call me (ooh)
River (ooh), we'll let the river run

Always the bridesmaid, never "The bride, hey!"
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe
That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child?

I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one (I'm sorry)
I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

Ayo, this song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

I feel like I'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net
Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect but I work a sweat for this worthless check
I'm about to burst this Tec at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage, especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper
I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watchin' ballers while they're flossin' in their Pathfinders
These overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fries and average half-pinters
But player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas
Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
When snakes slither in the grass spineless

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

My life is full of empty promises and broken dreams
I'm hopin' things look up, but there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of workin' dead-end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game, play
Cause when we die we know we all goin' the same way
Cause it's cool to be player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan
I'm comfortable and roomy in a 6
But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed and smoke a pound of cess a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half a life and throw the rest away

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

There's people that love me and people that hate me
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbin', deceitful and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame
If it means I end up burnin' in hell, scorchin' in flames
If it means I'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name
This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
Cause right now, I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I've got problems, now everybody on my block's got em
I'm screaming like them two cops when 2Pac shot em
Holding 2 Glocks, hope your doors got new locks on em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on em
And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on em
And while you flaunt em I could be takin' em to shops to pawn em
I got a couple of rings and a brand-new watch, you want em?
Cause I ain't never went gold off one song
I'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want something bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

Can't stop the hustle, Royce nickel nine
Glock stops the tussle, nine shots'll bust you
Pine box'll stuff you, fuck you! ("Fuck you!")

I am not the tussle, niggaz don't know me *skirt* ("COME ON!!")
I'm Detroit's king nigga *skirt* BOW!
Rock City's where niggaz pimp hoes and ball
Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes from malls

Arms, and ya city's got the
Titties saggin' lookin' like they got four arms
Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the don
Niggaz get popped for sellin weed shaked with seeds

If you hate me you hate the D (*vocal scratch*) please!
I'm takin' shit back, to the riots in the sixties
Think I'm lying? Visit me (Where you live?)

Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock wit me *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city (Come on the block wit me)
Rock city rock on!" (And come and rock wit me)

Rock.. city.. come on
Rock.. on.. city.. come on!

Suburban and city niggaz hustle together
Long as it's money envolved, niggaz'll tussle together
Long as the hustle's a hustle, the green is green
White is white, nigga we buyin if the price is right

So drop the mics
Everything's on cock, from the shots to the dice
We are not into hype
You can't say we can't work

Either we some plant workers or we some niggaz that plant work
Detroit bitches is bout it
You can just ask any one of ya niggaz that visit about it
Any Seven Mile bitch know how to get rich

She'll fuck you till you sleep PLUS lie to ya bitch
Plus she'll suck and swallow up outta ya dick
And she'll keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit, come on!

Rock city.. rock on! (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city(Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city rock on! (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock wit me  (Come on and rock wit me)
Rock city (Come on the block wit me)
Rock city (And come and rock wit me)

The city with the bars, where the goons with the cars, to produce, here we are.."

Looted casinos, car shuffles, numbers to bet
Disrespect and get a new smile under ya neck
A city full of thug-ass niggaz, and punk-rockers
Alotta niggaz act like Pac so cops watch 'em

And shot blocks up in the black or the light Timbs
White boys, look, act, and rap like Slim ("Hi!")
Fight Music, knife users never respect it
Guns talk (*scratch*) high schools with metal detectors

A city full of Tommy Hirst thumpers
Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners
Chaldeans wit weed connects like whoa!
Type of weed, no need to test like 'dro

Type of cats who got dough, they like ("So!")
You real, then you might go.. (Where?)

"Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me)
"Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me)
"Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me)
"Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me)
"Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me)
"Rock city" *scratches* (And come and rock wit me)

Detroit Rock City ("Slim Shady")
Won't you come on the block with us? ("Royce the 5'9")
Won't you just come and rock with us? ("Royce the 5'9")
Next Level ("Rock City")

Royce the 5'9" ("Rock")
Slim Shady ("Rock City")
Uh uh, won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock City")
Won't you come on the block with us? ("Rock wit me")

Won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock wit-")
Rock City... touch it... ("Fuck!")

[Corus]
I'm a Rock Star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin' 
my rock car
Coz I'm a rock star
baby baby baby I'm a rock star

[Verse 1]
Where's Marshall? Who the hell cares?
Bizarre's on stage, shakin' his derrier
I'm a rock star, trust my belly
Hugs and kisses get my clothes all sweaty
I'm the man, the lead singer of the band
On stage, for thousands of fans
Or you could be dancin' for Hammar
If you look you could see me in the camera
Actin' like Luther Vandross
Anything to get them clothes off
The fans want Bizarre, they don't want him
I'm backstage makin' out with Kim

[Corus]
I'm a Rock Star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin' 
my rock car
Coz I'm a rock star
Baby baby baby, I'm a rock star
jumpin' jumpin' jumpin'
my rock car
rooooooooooock and roooolllllllll

[Verse 2]
The girls are gazing, its so amazing
Black, white, thirteen to eighteen
I'm on TRL with David Chappellle
Talkin' bout the little two days I did in jail
Give me a sandwich, feed me lunch
[Want some water]
Girl where's my punch?
If I don't get punch, you gon' get punched (ooooh shit !)
Matter fact forget lunch
The guy with the shower cap runnin' the streets
Big ol' stomache, they all know me
Last video, I was in the back
Now I started a group with Horney Mac [sp??]

[Corus]
I'm a Rock Star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin' 
my rock car
coz i'm a rock star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin'
my rock car
Roccccck and Rollllll

[Verse 3]
Me and 50 workin' out
Show you what the rock stars all about
Its been awhile, I'm comin' out
Doin' laps around Jimmy Iovene's house
I don't drive, I got a chauffer to pick me up
Big ol' truck that's all beat up
cadillac with a Diamond in the Back
"Dr. Dre's on line one" tell him to call me back
I'm too busy to take his call
I'm at the mall, collectin' girls' drawers
This Rock Star stuff is the life for me
May 27th, buy my cd

[Corus]
I'm a Rock Star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin' 
my rock car
coz i'm a rock star
Baby baby baby I'm a rock star
Jumpin' jumpin' jumpin'
My rock car 
Roccccccck and Rollllllll

Okay
I am going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me

Mic check 1, 2
We recording?
I'm cancerous
So when I dis you, you wouldn't want to answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangled you to death and I choked you again
And break your fuckin' legs till your bones poke through your skin
You beef wit' me, I'm even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer, and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off the funny home grown
'Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean i lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les '
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people
And drink and jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date wit' Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignoring skill
'Cause I stand out like a green hat wit a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white, I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must of been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed 'em both and smeared blood in a white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray an Aerosol can up in the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm running out the morgue
Wit' your dead grandmother's corpse then throw it on your porch
Jumped into a chicken hawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat Fog Horn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm bout as normal as Norman Bates, wit' deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother are you there, I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head wit that shovel
Will someone explain to my brain
That I just severed a main vein
With a chainsaw and I'm in pain
I take a breather and sigh
Either I'm high, or I'm nuts
'Cause if you ain't even in this room neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
Then It's probably obvious that I got it on with her
'Cause when I drop it off with this solo shit it's over with
I bought cages tape opened it and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake I-D
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me
I've been with ten women who got H-I-V
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you want to grow up to be just like me
I tied a rope around my penis then I jumped from a tree
You probably want to grow up and be just like me

My home boys might squabble but we don't fall down
Yeah, my home boys might squabble but we don't fall down
Yeah, my home boys might squabble but we don't fall down
Westside, westside
Part two of the war, bring it, let's do it, huh huh

Cross this nigga here, now Biggie, tell me who do you fear?
Ain't a livin' soul breathin' shall pump no fear here
My last four flashed then I mashed his ass
Bastard, fuck with me, bet I blast your ass

So many follow but can't reach me, caught in a maze
Catch 'em mimickin' my style, tryin' to walk this way
Impossible, my posse droppin' you, we Death Row riders
No need to beg, motherfucker, ain't no mercy inside us

Feeling blessed, the richer I get the more I stress
Smokin' lye watchin' time fly, waitin' for death
Dear God, I been feelin' like I'm close to Jesus
Paranoid with my pistols close, smokin' trees

Keep my eyes on my foes, those close to me
Watchin' niggas catch strays, shake, choke an' bleed me
A mercenary for the streets, check my pedigree
Bustin' motherfuckers, it's the thug in me

Now niggas talk a lotta bad boy shit
Then get to squealin'
Bitch made catchin' feelin'

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Yeah, Napolean, picture me sippin' on one five one
Drunk than a motherfucker, droppin' my gun
Or as high as a kite, hittin' hoes for fun
But that ain't me, dog, my mind's now clear

An' that ain't fair, dog, your heart pump fear
In the state I guess
You better hide nigga truth is near
An' you know just as well I do
You ain't no killer, so kill that you wouldn't kill if you had to

We might wobble but we don't fall down
We take the gospel from Makaveli, pass it around
Ah, shit, we gonna taste the power
We started the thug trend, the game is ours

Now we coast together, put our thoughts together
Won't question will we die together
'Cause the hour is soon to come
Kadafi trained soldier, I show you how to use your gun, bring it

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins, feelins catchin' feelins

We yellin', "M A D E N I double G A, motherfuckers"
An' we here to stay, from curb surfin'
We workin' the industry, you kiddin' me
It's really nothin' to me an' my king, you see

We in the big things, eat a dick, man,
If your hatin', we gone ride, 'til the wheels fall off, pay attention
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Ride or die niggas, an' we huntin' you down

Representin' all the real niggas stuck in the trap
Bangin' out with the po' po', tryin' to get to some mo'
Street life, young strugglers racin' the clock
Ain't no tellin' when it all can end, roll or rock

Ain't no world with feelings, this a man's world, youngin'
But the bitches' in business, so learn a lil' somethin'
And stop runnin' your mouth, you're on the verge of squealin'
Bitch made catchin' feelings, nigga

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Everybody's a gangsta but don't put in work
Instead of puttin' on the armor, niggas put on skirts
These drugs ain't helpin', it only makin' it worse
An' the streets ain't got nothin' for me but herbs

I can't trust the church or the mobs
I can only trust God an' to tell you the truth
I gotta ride, I only roll with the real
'Cause rollin' with the fake got my loved ones killed

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

Outlaw niggas, are you ready to clown?
My homeboys might squabble but we don't fall down
Screamin', "Bye bye bitches, untouchable sound"
Niggas hide like hoes when we hit your town
Catchin' feelins

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy

June 16th, 1971,
Mama gave birth to a hell-raisin heavenly son
See the doctor tried to smack me but I smacked him back
My first words was "Thug for life," and "Papa pass the Mac."
I'm bustin' on these motherfuckers ballin'
Listen you can hear my mini fourteen callin' 
From out the window of my drop top, I got my Glock cocked
Bustin' at niggas, when will it stop?
Now tell me are you scared of the dark?
Can't close my eyes I see visions
And even with this thug livin, will I escape prison?
Penitentiary chances was an all day thang
The only way to advance; and if you slang
Then you'd better have yo' Nike's on - cause when we fight
It's in the middle of the night with no lights on, hey!!
There must be a God cause I feel lucky
Paranoid out my mind, cause motherfuckers tryin' to rush me
Am I goin' to jail? Look at me bailin'
Comin' out the court house, all about my mail and bank
Never, never die I'll be a hustler motherfuckers
And makin' thugs out you suckers from the cradle to the grave

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto

From the cradle to the grave since a little bitty child
I've been known to get ill and kinda buck wild
Pop pop! Just like the part that's in my walk with street talk
I'm runnin' up the block in the dark where lead spark
Surveillance on a nigga every day
Waitin' on my daddy just to take his ass away
Now Mama always workin' tryin' to make ends meet
So now a young nigga's bein' raised by the streets
And then the only other one that ever showed me love
Was my dope fiend uncle strung out on drugs
A straight - thug; just me, my mama out here on our own
So I got two gats - one black and one of chrome
Now I don't wanna hurt nobody but I must defend mine!
It's all the fuck I got, so stop and walk a thin line
Young niggas be brave
And keep on thuggin' from the cradle to the grave
From the cradle to the grave

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto

From the cradle to the grave
I'm glad to say, I made it this far
Many G's died hogs and all they got was they name hit up on a wall
It's sad thinkin' about the times
Life goes on, I'm steady lost in this land
That's the war zone, I gots no home, don't have no friends neither
It's just me by my lonely so I married my nina
I keeps her wherever I go, I love my ho
Never leave home with out my sugar, I'm hafta plug a nigga
Mama told me not to trust no punks
And kick his ass if he lay a hand on me since then I been knowin'
Sometimes I think my own self stupid
Cause I stay shootin at marks, get twisted up in police reports
Since the cradle, I've been ungrateful
My first toy was a gun I got sprung and learned to love weapons
But now I'm through with money, and through with street fame
Somebody peeled my cap, and put me in my grave

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto

March 18th, a rainy day my mama gave birth
To a baby boy trapped in hell on Earth
From day one it wasn't fun I never had a crumb
Daddy worked two jobs and Mama won't stop drinkin' rum
I tried to cope loc, but my family's broke
And my pocket's short so now I got ta slang dope
In the game filled with pain it's a fuckin' shame
The white man got a motherfucker slangin 'caine
So now it's on from dusk to dawn I'm gettin my serve on
Always in the spot with my Glock slingin rocks at the Rox
The shit don't stop, I'm steady dodgin cops
I never flip-flop, hear my Glock cock, thug 'til I drop
And if I hit the pen I gotta do my time
Sittin' on my bunk reminiscin' bout the good times
It's fucked up a nigga gotta grow up doin' dirt
But from the cradle to the grave I'ma put in work

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto

Time's movin' fast, will I last another day?
So I pray and I lay with my A-K
Did I sell my soul as a young kid?
All the things I did wishin' someone held me but they never did
I can't take it, will I make it to my older age?
Before I'm shot up or locked up in a fuckin' cage
Lord help me, guide me, save me!
Cause that's the way that Daddy raised me, crazy
Do or die, nigga pull the trigger don't give a fuck
You'd rather be in jail than get yo' ass bucked
Nobody cares, it's me against the world
Keepin' murder on my mind and my tec-9
I got nothin' to lose, payin dues, nigga you wanna die?
I get high and then my mission is a walk-by
You'd better jet when I hit your set cause I'm comin'
Start runnin' yellin' "evil mind" as I'm gunnin'
One in the chamber for the anger that I build inside
For the mothers that cried, for my homies that died
The beginning is an ending, am I just a slave?
So I got to be brave from the cradle to the grave

From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto
From the cradle to the grave
Life ain't never been easy, livin' in the ghetto

Suddenly I see a nigga I don't like 
Got 'em 
A smoking ass nigga robbed me blind 
I got a tek nine now his smoking ass is mine 

I guess I felt sorry for the bastard, he was broke 
I didn't know he smoked so I didn't watch him close 
He caught me on the sneak tip 
Now the punks in deep shit 

Catch him on the streets, bring him to his feet, quick 
Pass the clip, I think I see him coming now 
Fuck the bullshit, posse deep and lets run him down 
Gots to be the first one to hit yah when we meet 

Coming quickly up the street, is the punk ass police 
The first one jumped out and said freeze 
I popped him in his knees and shot him punk please 
These cops are reminded, and get us as when we rush 

Now you clear like a bitch cause you don't know how to hush 
Now back to the smoke of the robbery 
I tell you like Latifah, mutha-fucker give me body 
One to the chest, another to his fucking dome 

Now the shit can rest, yo tell 'em to leave me the fuck alone 
Two very bloody bodies on the streets 
A noisy ass cop and a nigga that robbed from me 
Well from me, back up punk, how you figure 

My fingers on the trigga for you 
Crooked ass niggas 
Crooked ass niggas 
Criminal Behaviour 
Suddenly I see a nigga I don't like 

More to come

Yes indeed it's the mix king Ron G
I got somethin the world ain't ready for
New York City L.A. Chicago Atlanta
D.C. Detroit New Orleans, y'all know the deal
FLAVA!

Hahahahahaha!  Yeah nigga!
Yeah, that's right, BAYY-BAYY!
That's how we do it

Follow me tell me if you feel me
I think niggaz is tryin to kill me
Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me
Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal
my criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel
See niggaz is false, sittin in court, turned snitches
that used to be real, but now they petrified bitches
I'm tryin to be strong, they sendin armies out to bomb me
Listen to Ron, the only DJ that can calm me
Constantly armed, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone
Bitches be warned - word is bonb, you'll get torn
I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggaz wrong
And then it's on, before I leave picture me
I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free
Watch me set it, niggaz don't want it, you can get it
Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it
This +Thug Life+ nigga, we don't cater to you hoes
Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do'
with fo'-fo's, hahahahaha, yeah nigga!
Thug Life

I be that young Freddie Fly smooth glorious kid
A Bad Boy, just like Notorious B.I.G.
I Roc-a-Fella like Shawn Carter
with more game than Ron Harper
The bomb sparker rapper slash charm robber
While y'all be on the corners bummy and high
I be out buyin the finest shit money can buy
You wish you was in a position that I'm in
Hot rhymin, diamonds shinin, autograph signin
My lifestyle is far out
Every week bring a different car out
I go to nightclubs and buy the bar out, UHH
cause I keep cream, I'm large on the street scene
Everytime I touch mics you hear all the freaks scream

Yeah yeah Big L Harlem's finest, yeah
That nigga who hold it down for Uptown

Hahahaha, that's how we do it out here
on this underground real shit nigga, it's the heat nigga
Now rewind this motherfucker, you know you can't help it
Deadly combination bwoy!

You are appreciated

When I was young me and my mama had beef
Seventeen years old kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time, I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place
Suspended from school, and scared to go home, I was a fool
With the big boys, breaking all the rules
I shed tears with my baby sister
Over the years we was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddy's, the same drama
When things went wrong we'd blame mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Hugging on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary?
Hey! I see the penitentiary, one day
And running from the police, that's right
Mama catch me, put a whooping to my backside
And even as a crack fiend, mama
You always was a black queen, mama
I finally understand
For a woman it ain't easy trying to raise a man
You always was committed
A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how ya did it
There's no way I can pay you back
But the plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

Lady
Don't ya know we love ya? Sweet lady
Dear mama
Place no one above ya, sweet lady
You are appreciated
Don't ya know we love ya?

Now ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love from my daddy cause the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry, cause my anger
Wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless, but all along
I was looking for a father he was gone
I hung around with the Thugs, and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hanging
I needed money of my own so I started slanging
I ain't guilty cause, even though I sell rocks
It feels good putting money in your mailbox
I love paying rent when the rent's due
I hope ya got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
'Cause when I was low you was there for me
And never left me alone because you cared for me
And I could see you coming home after work late
You're in the kitchen trying to fix us a hot plate
Ya just working with the scraps you was given
And mama made miracles every Thanksgiving
But now the road got rough, you're alone
You're trying to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

Lady
Don't ya know we love ya? Sweet lady
And dear mama
Place no one above ya, sweet lady
You are appreciated
Don't ya know we love ya?

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce, cause through the drama
I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I gotta thank the Lord that you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate, how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if ya hold on
It's a struggle everyday, gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

Lady
Don't ya know we love ya? Sweet lady
And dear mama
Place no one above ya, sweet lady
You are appreciated
Don't ya know we love ya?

Sweet lady
And dear mama

Dear mama
Lady, lady, lady

Why you by the window?, what's wrong daddy?

I know what's wrong with that crazy motherfucker
He's just stand by the goddamn window
With that fucking AK all day
You don't work, you don't fuck, you don't
You don't do a goddamn thing

I see death around the corner, gotta stay high while I survive
In the city where the skinny niggas die
If they bury me, bury me as a G nigga, no need to worry
I expect retaliation in a hurry
I see death around the, corner, any day
Trying to keep it together, no one lives forever anyway
Struggling and striving, my destiny's to die
Keep my finger on the trigger, no mercy in my eyes
In a ball of confusion, I think about my daddy
Madder than a motherfucker, they never should of had me
I guess I seen too many murders, the doctors can't help me
Got me stressin' with my pistol in my sheets, it ain't healthy
Am I paranoid? Tell me the truth
I'm out the window with my AK, ready to shoot
Ran out of endo and my mind can't take the stress
I'm out of breath
Make me wanna kill my damn self
But I see death around the corner

(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

I see death around the corner
The pressure's getting to me
I no longer trust my homies
Them phonies tried to do me
Smoking too much weed,
Got me paranoid, stressed
Pack a gat and my vest
Under my clothes when I dress
Here's hopin I die the way I lived,
Straight thuggin'
Huggin' my trigger for all them niggas
Who was buggin'
My homie told me once
Don't you trust them other suckers
They fought like they your homies
But they phony motherfuckers
And even if I did die young, who cares
All I ever got was mean mugs and cold stares
I got homies in my head
Who done passed away screaming, please
Young nigga, make Gs
I can't give up, although I'm hopeless
I think my mind's gone
All I can do is get my grind on, death around the corner

(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

I was raised in the city, shitty
Ever since I was an itty bitty kitty
Drinkin' liquor out my momma's titty
And smokin' weed was an everyday thing in my household,
And drinking liquor til' you out cold
And tho' I'm gone now, nigga it's still on- Pow
Busting on them niggas til they gone
How many more jealous ass bitches, coming for my riches
Now I gotta stay suspicious when I bone
'Cause if I ain't sharp and heartless
Them bitches will start shit
Excuse me, but this is where we part bitch
No more game for free, please explain to me
Why niggas trip bitch, who you came to see?
Murderin' now but see me later man, as for my pops
I got homies that will hunt you til you drop
I hope the Lord will forgive me, I was a G
And getting high was a way of getting free
I see death around the corner

(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)
I see death around the corner
(When we were kids, belonging felt good)
I see death around the corner
(But having respect, that feels even better)

This is for all the real motherfucking niggas out there
I know you ain't scared to die
We all gotta go, ya know?
A real motherfucker will pick the time he goes
And make sure he handles his motherfucking business
Y'all niggas stop acting like pussies out there
All right

I'm tired off getting ripped off by guys like that

I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night
I wanna piss on his head
I want his family dead, I want his house burned to the ground
I want to got there in the middle of the night
I wanna piss on his head

I want that sonova bitch dead, I want him dead
I want him dead, I don't care

Nobody's, closin' me out of my business
Nobody's, closin' me out of my business
My definition of a thug n****
(Nobody's, closin' me out of my business)

I played the cards I was given, thank God I'm still livin'
Pack my nine 'til it's time to go to prison
As I'm bailin' down the block where I come from, still gotta pack a gun
'Case some young motherf***ers wanna play dumb

I guess I live life forever jugglin'
But I'll be hustlin' 'til the early mornin' 'cause I'm strugglin'
Like drinkin' liquor make the money come quicker
Gettin' pages from my b****, it's time to dick her

I ain't in love with her, I just wanna be the one to hit her
Drop off and let the next n**** get her
That's the way it goes, it's time to shake a hoe, make the dough
Break a hoe when it's time to make some mo'

I keep my finger on the trigger of my glock
Ridin' down the block lickin' shots at the punk-a**
And spittin' game through my mobile phone
The type of s*** to get them hoes to bone
My definition of a thug n****

'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin'

Well, I roll with a crew of zoo n****z
They're quick to pull a nine when it's time do n****z
Comin' through like I'm two n****z, a true n**** f*** a Zig Zag
Roll me a blunt and pa** that brew n****

I'm drivin' drunk on the freeway, so take it easy
Lookin' for a new face to skeeze me
Everybody's lookin' for a nut but I'm searchin' for the big bucks
Give a f*** rather die than be stuck

In a one-room shack and kickin' back
Daydreamin' with the nine in my lap
So how's that from the mind of a thug n****?
Bought a fo'-five 'cause I heard that the slug's bigger

Figure the first motherf***er to jump'll find hisself
Gettin' swept off his feet by the pump
I put that on my moms, word to the motherf***in' trigger
Before I go broke I'll be a drug dealer, a thug n****

'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin', what you doin'?
Mob-mobbin' like a motherf***er
'Tis the season to be servin'

Short than a motherf***er snatched up by one-time
Make a phone call and be back to ball by lunchtime
So here we go, we in the inner city
I keep my hand on my gat and stay cool, my attitude is s***ty

N****z don't like me 'cause I'm makin' ends
Roll in a Benz and I blaze a blunt 'cause I'm all in
And any n**** tryin' to take what I got'll
Half the deal with the sixteen-shot glock

So here we go, I can't be faded
Happy in the motherf***er, finally made it
Got my money in my pocket, finger on the trigger
And I ain't takin' s*** from no n****z

I'm just tryin' to make some money right
Put some motherf***in' food in my tummy right
I'm feelin' good like I'm supposed to, ready to ball
Find a spot and we can serve 'em all
My definition of a thug n****

'Tis the season to be servin'
Mobbin' like a motherf***er every single day
(My definition of a thug n****)
'Tis the season to be servin'
Mobbin' like a motherf***er every single day
(My definition of a thug n****)

'Tis the season to be servin'
Mobbin' like a motherf***er every single day
(My definition of a thug n****)
'Tis the season to be servin'

Nobody's, closin' me out of my business
Nobody's, closin' me out of my business
Nobody's, closin' me out of my business
Nobody's, closin' me out of my business

Now here's the perfect niche to let it bubble and foam 
Wait these seconds then watch the microphone get blown 
It's the mischievous, lyrical genius on the loose 
And I pack the deuce deuce of some act right juice 
I'm in my own, space and time 
The elevation of my rhymes elevates your mind 
It's a clear blue sky and a clear blue day 
Foe a G from DPG to wear clear blue and gray 
I come I came, I am I ain't 
The nigga ya wants ta fuck with, get peeled like paint 
Bottoms up, nigga give it all ya got 
From the bottom to the top or get shanked get shot 
Provocative footage, of this lyrical abuse transgression 
From this infectious enemy, they on the loose 
And unstoppable, Daz 
My motherfuckin nigga from back in the past 
Now imagine yourself in a bottomless pit 
With no way your climbin out, and this ain't the punishment 
Deadly as crystal crack, how should I react 
With intentions to keep on mashin, strap to strap 
Is this my boundary from county to county? 
Your homies want to try to soak me like Bounty? 
Dogg Poung Gangsta all day all night 
Partyin like a motherfuckin now all night 
But uhh, simple as fact I been wantin to serve your whole fuckin crew 
Now whatchu want to do? (Hmm, whatchu want to do? Yeah) 
Land up your weapon slowly step in caught your homey straight slippin 
You shoulda known from the jump nigga that I was trippin 
I gets to bustin (blaow blaow) you gets to duckin (blaow blaow) 
Dogg Pound Gangsta gets to dippin in the cut 
My performance is enormous the way that I stayed up on em 
I catch em and let em have it what's up, with my opponents 
I hold it down for the two and I'll be gunned down by no one 
Forever I reign, top Dogg number one 
My rhyme ?To some inflanable? And Doggs that's untrainable 
Uncontainable, my mind state's so strainable 

I'm a D.P.G.C. For life 
I do what I feel and, I do what I like 
I'm a D.P.G.C. For life 
I do what I feel and, I do what I like 
I'm a D.P.G.C. For life 
I do what I feel and, I do what I like 
I'm a D.P.G.C. For life 
I do what I feel and, I do what I like 

I hits it like shots, from the homey strap 
I smoke indo, and I sip Cog-nac 
Give a fuck whatcha name is, I tell ya quick 
Face to face, punk you can eat a dick 
'Cause you're all out of time, out of sight 
Out of mind, somethin I wouldn't do without a nine 
I got a pocket full of papers and a trunk full of beat 
Mashin all through the streets rollin wit some heat 
I'm heated, repeat it, day after day 
Daily survival tactics in L.A. 
I'm on point and alert 
With skills like a huntin expert, fuck around and get hurt 
Lurked, I puts in work like a chemist 
Mentally known to cause motherfuckin dilemmas 
See me in black and beware 
It's a Dogg Pound Gangsta on the loose out there 
Now here's the kickoff, as I'm about to rip off 
Rage is knockin lips off, travellin like a spitball, I hit y'all 
Right between the eyes, smack dab in the middle 
With my rhymes or my riddles, ain't got no time to fiddle 
Faddle, dibble, dabble 
Gotta Rock like Fraggle 
I'm hittin so hard I'm leavin that I'm leavin em snaggled 
Like Leon Spinks this black cat's got ya jinxed 
Fuck around and you'll get chipped off like the Sphinx 
Think, about it, better yet forget it 
Uhh, play like En Vogue cause you're never gonna get it 
The style, the flavor, the flow, the so-lo-ist 
Hit you in a second, one two mic checkin 
That's my lethal weapon like a chain and ball 
I'm wreckin, shop, tech and, glock 
Not in my pocket, no need for cock and 
Gauges just flip the scripts and rippin pages Rage is 
The amazin, trail-blazin 
Flows shavin like Norelco you can't let go, hell no! 
I'm that Lyrical Murderer 
Stranded on the Row with my ill type flow and uhh

I shoulda seen you was trouble right from the start
Taught me so many lessons
How not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions
When this began we was the perfect match, perhaps
We had some problems but we workin at it, and now
The arguments are gettin' loud, I wanna stay
But I can't help from walkin' out just a little way
Just take my hand and understand, if you could see
I never planned to be a man it just wasn't me
But now I'm searchin' for commitment, in other arms
I wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed
Your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin'
Soon as I open up the door with your jealous questions
Like where can I be you're killin' me with your jealousy
Now my ambition's to be free
I can't breathe, cause soon as I leave, it's like a trap
I hear you callin' me to come back, I'm a sucka for love

What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up

What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up

Just when I thought I broke away and I'm feelin' happy
You try to trap me say you pregnant and guess who the daddy
Don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could I do? So now I'm back
To makin promises to you, tryin to keep it true
What if I'm wrong, a trick to keep me on and on
Tryin' to be strong and in the process, keep you goin
I'm bout to lose my composure, I'm gettin' close
To packin' up and leavin' notes, and gettin' ghost
Tell me who knows, a peaceful place where I can go
To clear my head I'm feelin low, losin control
My heart is sayin' leave, oh what a tangle web we weave
When we conspire to conceive, and now
You gettin' calls at the house, guess you cheatin'
That's all I need to hear cause I'm leavin', I'm out the do'
Never no more will you see me, this is the end
Cause now I know you've been cheatin, I'm a sucka for love

What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up
What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up

Now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay
As you sit and pray, hoping the beatings'll go away
It wasn't always a hit and run relationship
It use to be love, happiness and companionship
Remember when I treated you good
I moved you up to hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood
Me and you a happy home, when it was on
I had a love to call my own
I shoulda seen you was trouble but I was lost, trapped in your eyes
Preoccupied with gettin' tossed, no need to lie
You had a man and I knew it, you told me
Don't worry bout it we can do it now I'm under pressure
Make a decision cause I'm waitin', when I'm alone
I'm on the phone havin' secret conversations, huh
I wanna take your misery, replace it with happiness
But I need your faith in me, I'm a sucka for love

What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up
What you won't do, do for love
You tried everything, but you don't give up

Just 'cause a nigga come in he got style 
Don't think I won't flip it 
Don't pull your file 
But I got enough bullshit to deal with 
I'm rollin' with the thugs so 
You must be on drugs to the head 
Get your ass break down 
Broken half baby 
I'm a feelin' like a motherfuckin' psychopathic 
And if you got beef best leave it in the freezer 
I'm no joke 
Mopreme straight lo 
And you could get smoked 
You hook the shit you get stroked 
And all of that 
And later be back for your motherfuckin' dope sack 
Kid it ain't the type of day to play doughnut 
Don't get your ass sewn up 
Why you leakin' on my blown out 
Hey, you're mixed up like a bowl of nuts 
You fuck around and got it twisted up 
Boy, don't get it twisted 

(Don't get it twisted!)

It's the Macadoshis coming from the dark side 
The park side where the O.G.s do ride 
Ain't nothing but killers in the park 
As many niggas lost they's heart 
When my gat sparks 
I'll bust a cap in that ass 
Don't get it twisted 
When I'm on a mission, niggas come with Mishy 
You busters gettin' disciplined 
And you're comin' up short on your life 
When I smoke you with this mac-10 
When it's on it's on 
Fuck it 
I'm makin' niggas kick the bucket when I check em' by inducis 
Ain't no think to let my shit spin 
You on my shit list hope you got a death wish 
I tried to warn you but you missed me 
You should have listened motherfucker when I said: 
Don't get it twisted! 

(Don't get it twisted!)

Niggas got problems about gettin' shit twisted 
They need to stay the fuck out of grown folks business 
Kids get a kick out of bumpin' their big clips 
But don't front no shit that brought no shit that peace started 
'Cause I'm a cold hearted rider straight dunkin' 
Never through with my streets 
Never hurt nobody but my heat 
East side brothers don't hear me though 
They'd rather get shit twisted and gather like hoes 
Bitch make ass niggas when I caught 'em 
Couldn't bust a drape if they wanted 
They're soft like Charmin 
But I don't sweat varmits 
I suffer with my black group 
Just a one-day murderer 
On the motherfuckin' Rudy Poop 
I snapped his soul, son 
Ain't no damn thing funny when I spray your ass with my tongue 
And your mommy can't save you now 
'Cause you got the job twisted up 
For fuckin' with a killer 

(Don't get it twisted!)

Late night coolin' with my homies
Drinkin' Hennessey an' cold brew
After smokin' stopped in Oakland
Got the munchies for some soul food

So we stopped to get a bite to eat
At the local barbecue
It's just another borin' Monday
An' there's nothin' else to do

Now as we stepped out of the car
I heard someone behind me fightin'
So I turned to look and find out
What's the cause of this excitement

One brother was a dopefiend
And the other was a dopeman
And the dopeman had a AK
Said he'll spray an' he's not jokin'

Well, it seems to be the dopefiend
Owed the dopeman for his product
And he swore if he did not pay
He would end up gettin' shot up

Now I could not walk away
'Cause I got caught up in the scene
Wonderin' what would happen
To this poor and helpless fiend

Well, my homie Michael Cooley
Said let's go and make our order
What's the use in watchin' two men
Stand out here fight over quarters

Well, I walked inside the diner
And all the dopefiends waved to me
Heard the sound of several gunshots
And I ran outside to see

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

All the people in the diner
Ran outside to see the big show
It was just another party
For them to see just who they would know

But for me I held concern
I wanted to go see the outcome
Would a mother have a son tonight
Or would she live her life without one?

I made it to the streets
I almost cried right on the spot
Not only had the fiend died
But a small girl had been shot

My heart could take no more
I felt a tear roll down my face
That was daddy's bullet
But she took it in his place

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

Tried to make way through the crowd
So I could go help the baby
She could barely speak but she whispered
"Mister, can you please save me?"

So I screamed out, "Someone help me"
But I don't think they could hear
And if they did they didn't care
Oh, how I hated everyone there

The baby lie here dyin'
And I wondered what could I do
The cameraman and newspapers
Had come to get their interviews

To them it's just story
And they can't see the tragedy
To them it doesn't matter
'Cause hey, it wasn't their family

I don't think I'll be back
'Cause it'll never be the same here
So I wipe away the tears
And leave the scene the way I came here

Though some people say it's crazy
And the food could have been finer
I'll never forget
Never forget the night at Dopefiend's Diner

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

(What's goin' on?)
Another gunshot rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another siren rings
(What's goin' on?)
Another mother cries
(What's goin' on?)
'Cause another innocent dies
(What's goin' on?)

Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause, 
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this

Murderous mind state,
Can't keep my nine straight,
Sippin' on this Hennessy, waiting for the time to break,
Show up and motherfuckas bow down, recognize
Westside, Death Row, Outlaw, Ridaz,
Untouchable mob of pistol packers,
Well-known felons labeled for 'drug-selling merciless jackers',
Forever buzz, roll with thugs and dogs,
Commence the letting off rounds, then escape in the fog,
Who wants to see me solo?
Catch Makaveli while he sleeping,
My mini fourteen murdering niggaz while they creepin', (Uh)
Duck cause you ass out, 
Drink 'til you pass out,
Ain't scared to die, drunk driving in my glass house,
Niggas is under me,
They bitches come to me,
They heard the stories nigga, now they wanna really see,
Bomb First, my motto, it's fully guaranteed,
Niggas is playa haters, label them my enemies,
I'm dumpin'

Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause, 
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this 

When it's on, I'm poppin' off every chance I get,
Out the window on some uptown anthem shit,
I'm stressin', but ain't no pressure, I been here before,
Fugitive task force at my girlfriends' door,
Now they checkin' in her bedroom, I ain't there,
Forty Cals, extended clips, still I ain't scared,
Outlaw, and best believe they won't take me alive,
I'm different and I'mma prove it if it take me to die,
You think God had a plan for me?
But he won't be layin' up in my casket or doin' life in the can for me,
Maybe I'm brazen or paranoid than a bitch, 
Me dyin', you think I'd let him see the joy from that shit?
Walking dead, angels spend their last days by me,
New Jersey Giant like Dave Tyree,
Young George or Jonathan Chat,
Your guns clap,
Mine will go 'br-r-r-r-att',
Soldier like Geronimo Pratt,
And come through cockin' tha black pound,
When they put the twin towers up, 
Pac, I'm knockin' 'em back down,
Poster child, 
Air Force Ones, with the checks,
I'm supposed to wild sex,
Money and murder is all I breathe in my life,
It's full of judges and chasin' enemies in the night,
Through the Henny, I see the eyes of the Devil, 
He's ridin' with extra boxes of bullets and a nina and a shovel

Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause, 
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this 

I always thought I'd have to die to do a record with Pac,
So I wrote from the perspective of a graveyard box,
You end up in the box 'cause them grave robbin' bastards,
Dig your grave up and snatched you out the casket,
Worms in my eyes, eating through my cabbage,
The flesh to the bones,
The bones to the ashes,
But I'm not dead,
I'm actually in a session 
With the Pac Keeper, Sha Money, progressing,
They don't really want no drama, I know they goons,
That's why I keep pressure on 'em like a open wound,
This God given, he keep givin' me better music,
So every time you hear me, my songs present improvement,
Y'all can't kill me, y'all forever losin',
Songs of evolution,
If I load your gun for you 
And we bang it out with some other niggas, 
You better shoot it,
Don't try to lie and say you was bustin', I'm clever, stupid,
Claimin' you reppin' Ruthless,
You got the same bullets you had 
When I loaded it for you, you never used it,
The Nasareema dream, get ready for execution, 
Papoose, Fatal and Pac
The revolution

Who you are,
One Nation under a thug and bullet scar,
Young nation, no revolution and no cause, 
One Nation, young, black and dangerous by far,
Young nation just trying to get this 

Young nation just trying to get this 

Just trying to get this

I'm really not all that sure
bout when things is finna mature
So let me find me a nigga with a grip
and hit his ass quick with one of them whoops
(What's the definition of a lick?)
Taking a niggaz shit
(Hey put that on sumthin)
I put that on The Click, The Click
Back to fuckin work one of the homies jus got dusted
Time to do some dirt, uhh, I never trusted
them bustas shot him in the shirt, dead on arrival
Now the town is funky, it's called survival
What y'all wanna do?  They got us scuffled
(bullet high, get in your eye) if this was a fifth well I be drunk
I'm heated, them niggaz cheated, played me false
We had em eatin, shit 'posed to been squashed
I noticed one killa on the double dribble and set him up y'all
She likes the Monie in the Middle, play tetherball
Thick ass bitch, high yellow city-slicker
Scarecrow creepin Southern bitches, aka Posie Pussyfictious

Nigga been holdin guts, but shit on hisself and a funky bill
Pullin out bills, frontin on material shit
that's when I get to killin shit (killin shit)
And settin 'im up and havin 'im catchin a couple of slugs
Sl-uh sl-uh slugs, trynta fuck with savage thug
Pistol pop in they ass, see niggaz be gettin this twisted
It's that bitch that killed ya
Took all your money peeled ya
Seven niggaz bust in the room with AK's
while a nigga be puttin on his jimmy
All of a sudden they shoot up your Vuitton
before you can hit the broccoli
See money-a-made that nigga, that nigga didn't make that money
Left them niggaz jacked up, and the bitch she macked him
He's a busta, punk ass nigga, y'all know the streets
That's why that nigga naked layin dead in between some bloody sheets
It's just a part of the game he didn't feel
Bitches will kill, fuck a nigga, out his last d-uh dollar bill
You don't know that hoe main that bitch can't be trusted
Dusted and di-motherfuckin-sgusted

Some cold hearted shit 
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Whacha'll wanna do, whacha'll wanna do
Cold hearted bitches
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Whacha'll wanna do, I never trusted them bustas
Some cold hearted shit
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
I never trusted them bustas
And it's them cold hearted bitched
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Dusted and disgusted

Let's let of some two or threes on the other side of t-uh-town
Draw the attention on the other s-uh-side of town (other side of town)
And wait for the po-po shift to change, ghetto shootin range
Revenge on the r-uh-rebound, war games
Droughts, out, shhh lost clientele but I will prevail
by sellin the broccoli dank instead of the crack cocaine
try not to steal narcotics
When these punk MC's and bitches be the reason why
the smoke be comin up out the chow, with my nigga Pac

Dear God, can you forgive me?  My future's lookin sick
I'm in my rag hittin switches I'm suspicious of these bitches
I keep on, calllin, but ain't nobody pickin up
I think she's stallin, this evil bitch is tryin ta set me up
Came all alone if it's on then it's on
Where's my motherfuckin chrome, only jealous niggaz roam
It's a war zone (war zone) but I'm a man so with gun in hand
I'm on my way to see this hoe you know the fuckin plan
Can't understand, but the things ain't the same
You could die over these bitches if you slippin in the game
Niggaz gang bang, but bitches gang bang too
Give up that good thang, and put that pistol to your brain
If you was smart figure, don't have no love in your heart nigga
Any complications pull the trigger, dusted and disgusted
Bitches can't be trusted, you know the rules
They underhanded, she planned it, you fuckin fool

(These hoes out here tryin to hold a nigga's heart
So a nigga get his money fucked with
Almost in-laws)
Hey be proud of it when you turn these bitches upside down
What's gonna happen
(Uhh, three and a half dollars or probably fo' if a bitch ridin)
(Yeah main, them hoes talented
They be fuckin with mo' MC's at Jack the Rapper)
(Aight fuck it, what you say Mall?
Ay, fuck them sheisty ass bootches, nigga)

The California lifestyle that I live
Where the bitches is crooked and niggaz jus don't give
A flyin fuck, so I stay stuck, smokin on the tay-low
Bay Area playa, tryin ta have shit major
And a bitch won't save ya
so I ain't playin Captain Save a Hoe
I mob up in ya like a pro and then I'm gone
I'm like Sylvester Stallone, everyday is like a Cliffhanger
Action packed, I let the mini-mac smack that ass

Them hoes jacked that ass
Nigga woulda got smokin on that hash
Can't have my cash, better go and take your nigga stash
Cuz he's a busta, niggaz with clusters
Slippin in shit, betta jack that nigga 'fore I jack his ass bitch
Never was no love for the mark-ass, the lo pink (the lo pink)
You love them Bootsy bitches, can't let them pussy bitches

gank that ass, betta hide your cash and check her fast
Pump your brakes nigga, slow your roll don't go too fast
Cause bulletproof ain't doin no good no mo' no mo' no mo' no mo'now, niggaz 
comin up dead with they brains blew out on the fuckin floor
damn, hollow points to flesh tears through the teflon vest
Now r-uh-rest
Pull a plug on a flatline over those, one nigga less
One nigga less, from coast to coast, to the East to the West
Crushin the flesh, dem bitches played a game of death
Look over your shoulder watch your back don't even trust it
I'm tryin to told ya end up dusted

Some cold hearted shit 
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Whacha'll wanna do, whacha'll wanna do
Cold hearted bitches
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Whacha'll wanna do, I never trusted them bustas
Some cold hearted shit
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
I never trusted them bustas
And it's them cold hearted bitched
Back to fuckin work, one of the homies jus got dusted
Dusted and disgusted

Young Thugs in this motherfucker
Don't break up the fight, let 'em rumble
Don't make enemies with me
I Try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me

Some say my criminal experience is legendary
I do what's necessary
Niggas wanna see me burried
Worried, if you coming hurried
I ain't going down, fuck the world I'm a thug
Tell 'em can't nothing stop me but a slug
I went from drug dealing to a shot caller
From off the block, no longer rock
And putting money in my pocket, nationwide baller
Bitch nigga I'm prepared to die, Before I fry
I hit the weed so I be forever high
My eyes has seen so much in misery, So before I flee
I open fire let the lord pick the first to bleed
Bitches don't wanna see me leave, forever thugging
Tell 'em bury me a G on everything I love
And fuck the law 'cause the raw niggas ain't free
This picture's clear but we can't see, hahaha
This game is jealousy, Don't let 'em change
That's what they keep on telling me, motherfuck the fame
I can't sleep 'cause I keep hearing peeps
? wrapped in my sheets

Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
Rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me, nigga
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
Fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me

The game is getting deeper with this I couldn't stop, I'm reminising
And having flashbacks when them niggas came up missing
(Wish in my heart, these niggas they ain't have to start
Now therefore they gotta see in dark
Played the part with heart when we spark they part
Running silly through the court) They don't really wanna start
(How you wanna do?) Yo K, anyway
These motherfuckers wanna play we can do it all day
So I stay (Sipping on my aray to keep my head fine
And I'm where? Everywhere from here to bedtime) 
And I squeeze when I say I'm coming
Straight gunning on enemies if it's really me that they wanting
(Cause it ain't nothing, Y'all niggas is fronting
Do you really want it? niggas dying...)

Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You'd rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You'd rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me

Now, we're in '94, Niggas get bust through the do'
Cup? in a flash sittin on that ass (And rarely fold)
Galitter tell 'em bout that trife shit (You wanna fight?
I wanna light shit, you lose your life bitch) bee-yatch!
A nigga struggle too hard for what I got
hustle (And doubled every fucking yard that I cop and stop
Hell nah! I coulnd't see it
Facing a century in the penatentury but so be it)
And Jesus couldn't help me out the state
(Prepare for an early date to see my fate at the pearly gate
But wait) No time for stalling (But death is calling)
You wanna stomp on it somebody's gotta start falling
(True, what I do from sun up) is for a come up
(Wake up with my gun up) Cause when I sneak that's when they run up
(So It's time to spray like Ray
And put the freeze on these fake Gs) You know how we do

Don't make enemies with me 
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You'd rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me, nigga
I try to tell these motherfuckers they ain't see
Don't make enemies with me
You'd Rather fuck with these other other little Gs
Don't make enemies with me

What nigga? Young motherfucking thugs, let's out do it
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Y'all better fuck with these other niggas
And I don't see it
Don't make enemies with me
Motherfuckers is fatal nigga
I swear by the Gods
Don't make enemies with me nigga
Niggas gonna see they caskets fucking with these bastards
Don't make enemies with me
It's for all these motherfuckers that's swearing to God 
That they be doing something
Don't make enemies with me
That they touching something
That they being something
Y'all niggas ain't shit
That's on my mama bring the drama, nigga
Young Thugs, fuck the drugs
These niggas making records, y'all niggas best to check it
Cause y'all gonna get yo asshole tore
They tearing patches out you niggas ass
All y'all niggas, I don't give a fuck who you running with
This is thug life nigga, the new generation motherfucker
Young Thugs we chin checking all you junior high school motherfuckers
Y'all better feel this shit, don't make enemies with these niggas
You better be friendly motherfucker, I swear to God
We running through, smile from handshake

Imagine if we could go back
Actually talk to the motherfuckers that persevered (hahaha)
I mean the first motherfuckers that came in the slave ships (hey, excuse me, excuse me) y'know? (Look)

We back for everything you owe, no longer oppressed
'Cause now we overthrow those that placed us in this rotten mess
But let's agree on strategy and pick out enemies right
Who stands accused of the abuse my own, kind do right
Pardon, not disregardin' what you thinkin' but you must abandon ship 
'Cause once I rip your whole shit is sinkin'
Supreme ideology, you claim to hold
Claimin' that we all drug dealers with empty souls
That used to tempt me to roll, commit to violence
In the midst of an act of war, witnesses left silent
Shatter, black talon style, thoughts I throw
It remains in your brain then of course it grows
Maybe, even your babies can produce and rise
Picture a life where black babies can survive past five
But we must have hope, quotin' the reverend from the pulpit
Refuse to turn the other cheek, we must defeat the evil culprit
Lace me with words of destruction and I'll explode
But supply me with the will to survive, and watch the world grow
This ain't 'bout talkin' 'bout problems, I bring solutions
Where's the restitution, stipulated through the constitution
You violated, now I'm back to haunt your nights
Listen to the screams, of the lives you sacrificed
And in case you don't know, ghetto born black seeds still grow
We comin' back, for everything you owe

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin' (How do you plead Mr. Shakur, how do you plead?)
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission wit a bad mentality (How do I plead?)
Armed with missiles guns grenades (Yes sir, how do you plead?)
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin' (Shit, you know how I plead, c'mon! Psssh)

Not guilty on the grounds of insanity it was them or me
Bustin' at my innocent family, say they lookin' for ki's
I was home alone, blind to the prelude
Bust in, talkin' 'bout, "Where is the Quaaludes?" What you say fool?
Where in the hell is the search warrant?
No feedback is what he uttered, before he screamed "Nigga motherfucker"
Dropped me to my knees, I proceed to bleed
Sufferin' a rain of blows to my hands and knees
Will I survive, is God watchin'?
I grab his gat and bust in self-defense, my only option, God damn
Now they got me goin' to the county jail
And my family can't pay this outrageous bail
Try to offer me a deal, they told me if I squeal
Move me, and my people, to a mansion in Brazil
Not me, so this is how it ends, no friends
I'll be stressed and they just, repossessed my Benz
Told the judge it was self-defense, he won't listen
So I'm bumpin' this in federal prison, givin' everything I owe

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission with a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'

I'm comin' collectin' the shit that belong to me
Motherfuckers are runnin' and duckin'
I'm a crazy nigga on a mission with a bad mentality
Armed with missiles guns grenades
Pull out the pin, free I'm comin'

My ghetto love song, ha ha ha, let's be friends
(Where my niggas at? Where my niggas where my bitches?
Where my niggas at? Where my bitches at?
Throw your hands in the air
Everybody just throw your hands in the air) 
Let's be friends (Wessyde in this motherfucker right here, Wessyde)

Approach you and post a minute, arm on my double-R tinted
As you pass bye wink in my eye, freshly scented
What's the haps baby? (Whassup?) Come get with me and perhaps lady
You can help me multiply my stacks baby
Currency seems small I need companionship (hey)
Through with that - scandalous shit, I bet your man ain't shit
So why you hesitatin' actin like yo' shit don't stink
Check out my - diamonds bitch everyone gonna blink (bling bling bling)
This be a thug thang, Outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreamin' motherfucker, on a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sippin' on Cristal and Alize
Smokin' on big weed, keyed the Cali way
Don't like trickin' but I'll buy you a fifth
I can't stand no sneaker-wearin' nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree, re-breed me, they're so cheap
Puttin' bitch-made bustas to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called comp, who the man?
While I'm tuggin' on yo' main bitch head (C'mere baby, Wessyde!)
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me, fuck Jay-Z
He broke and I smoke daily (come on y'all) baby let's be friends

Let's be friends (where my niggas at? come on)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends.. (all my niggas, where my hoes at?)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (where the bitches at, where the niggas with money?)
(where you at baby?)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends.. (cash makin' hoes)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass
It was hard to keep my dick in my pants
Every time you pass got me checkin' for you hardcore; starin' and watchin'
Me and you one on one (see that bitch) picture countless options
Was it prophecy? Clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, we posess bubonics
Far from a crush I wanna bust your guts and touch
Everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweatin' like a fat girl goin' for mine
Just a skinny nigga fuckin'' like she stole my mind
Back in time I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in 9-6? Fine tricks in drag
Fuck Dre, tell that bitch he can kiss my ass
Back to you, my pretty ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs now
Let me in between as friends

Let's be friends (wessyde, motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends.. (wessyde in this motherfucker)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (wessyde in this motherfucker right here)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends (in this motherfucker right here)
Why you trickin' on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks
I got em ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch (Ha hah!)
Was it me or the fame? My dick or the game?
Bet I scream wessyde when I came (wessyde, ha ha ha)
Scream my name, 'cause baby it's delicious got a weak spot
For pretty bitches up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby let your back get into it
Make it fluid, in and out, all around when a nigga do it
You got me high! Let me come inside!
I love it when you get on top, baby let me ride! (let me ride!)
Who wanna stop me? Am I top notch?
Fuck player hatin' niggas 'cause they cock block (cock block)
You probably hate to see a real thug with vision, what's the game?
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why you change?
Made a livin' out of cuss words, liquor, and weed
A bad seed turned good - in this world of G's
Baby got me fantasizin', seein' you naked
It's the fuck song, so check my record
And let's be friends
(Where my niggas at? Show me where my niggas at?
Where my bitches at) Thug style!

Let's be friends (where my niggas at, where my bitches at?)
(Throw yo' guns in the air!)
Friends.. (my ghetto love song, it goes on and on and on and on)
Let's be friends (where my niggas at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my niggas at?)
Friends.. (where my niggas at, where my bitches at?)
(Where my people at? Let's be..)

Where my people at? Show me where my people at
Where my people at? Show me where my people at
All my niggas now, just my niggas come
Where my niggas at? Just my niggas now
Be friends, tell me where my niggas at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Be friends, tell me where my people at
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at
Make money, take money, be friends

Let's be friends (get your cash on, let's, get dough)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends (c'mon, get your cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends (c'mon, get your cash on, let's, get paid)
You ain't gotta be my man at all, long as you just bring me your
Friends (c'mon, getcha cash on)
Why you trickin on them other hoes?
Let's be friends

Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!
Make money, take money!

Tell me about these fake ass bitches

Look here little nigga
Most of these niggas be bitches too
But you'll never hear that side of the story
So uh, we finna do this shit like this

It's like I tell my niggas, keep your eyes on these bitches
They love to G a nigga young dumb and gettin' riches
What the fuck you think a trick is nigga
Nigga done stick and wet his dick
And then get tricked out all his riches by a bitch!
I'm here to school you to the rules of the game, it'll cost ya
Think you alla that just 'cause she let a nigga toss her
Motherfuckin' privileged
So don't give up your conversation, give that bitch your 7 digits
When she call ya, ask that tramp what's up
And if she hesitate nigga hang up, word up
And let that bitch meditate to the dial tone
And call me when you're ready to bone, and it's on
A motherfucking mack tonight
Stay that stay strapped 'cause my raps is tight
You fuckin' punks, I hate you snitches
Went against the grain and the game to be fake ass bitches

(God, damn! You can't just hit them niggas with that game
And expect them to accept it, girl your heard me it gets skinless
But we gonna kick this shit like this here)

I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches

Time to show these bustas who's boss
Run up on a real motherfucker and get tossed
The game is deep, and thicker than a motherfuckin' jimmy
Broke hoes runnin' round yellin "Gimme!"
I can't stand it, hoes talkin' bout they got a man
Shit all I wanted her to do is suck my dick!
So how about hittin' a motherfucker on my pager
Busy now bitch but you can give me the pussy later
Fly how I fade her, played her like a game of Sega
Fuckin' with the player that done made her, huh
And I ain't sleepin' caught you creepin' for my money
Got the dick and now you get the pistol honey (bitch)
So get the bozack, knockin' hoes back, keep my dough stacked
So where the motherfuckin' hoes at?
Punk niggas can't fade the mack, livin' fat
Gettin' paid to rap, it's like that, you motherfuckin' bitches

Yeah, yeah that's my motto
She educated a whole bunch of you old raggedy-ass niggas
So y'all take that shit back to y'all camp and uh
You sleep on that there, it's like

I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches
I can't stand fake ass bitches
Lyin' ass niggas and you punk ass snitches

Oh you too nigga, don't think we ain't talkin' bout your punk ass
You old fake ass nigga
Standin' there wearin all them Pendletons and khakis and all that
You soft as a motherfuckin' grape
Ain't this a motherfuckin' bitch
I can see right through your flower ass
Some of these niggas is bitches too, man I tell ya
It's gonna be harder and harder to be a Thug in ninety-fo'
But we gonna do this shit
Y'all take this shit and you play this shit for every single
Fake ass bitch out there
And there's plenty of 'em
You probably got one sittin' next to you right now
Bobbin his fake ass head to this, dope ass shit that he listenin' to
Fake ass motherfuckin' bitch, die in ninety-four

And my niggas say 
We want the fame
C'mon (C'mon) 

One thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
Nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

The one thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
It's been nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

Though we exist and breathe some believe currency comes to G's 
Stresses after battle with success comes greed (echo) 
They got me hot When they shot me 
Plotted my revenge 
To increase my ends 
Enemies gettin' dropped 
Win or lose 
Red or blue 
We must all stay true 
Play the game nigga 
Never let the game play you 
And for the fame 
Niggas change fast 
That's a shame 
What's the game 
Lost souls 
Who controls our brain? 
Who can I blame? 
The world seems strange at times 
Somewhat insane 
I'm hoping we can change with time 
I'm living blinded 
Searching for refinement 
Curse, I know death follows me 
But I murder him first 
And worse yet 
With each breathe 
Steps I take 
Breathless 
Is there a cure for a hustler with a death wish? 
Cigar ashes 
Coaster 
Crystal glasses 
We mash on them jealous bastards 
With a ski mask 
I'm the first one to warn them 
Blast it 
Wrapped in plastic 
Bullshitting got his ass hit (outlaws) 
Ain't nothing left now 
Treated like a stepchild 
Was not for me 
Nothing but busters and bitches (fuck 'em all) 
Be rocking beats 
Fake in fame 

Block run and shoot slugs 
We throw them back like hardballs 
Without the gloves 
No love for these fake desperados 
And thugs I bleed to envy 
Smoke and blow out they blunts 
Sipping Henney 
Drunk nights 
And hot days 
Cocking my heat shooting it sideways 
A wife on the run 
Full of common blunts 
Unconditionally married 
To my gun 
Fulfillin' my destiny 
On knees 
And ones desires 
Be pulling all my cabbage like priors 
Stuck in the trance searching for something higher 
Fortune and fame 

One thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
Nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

The one thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
It's been nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

Searching for fortune and fame 
Lost in the rain 
A lose of the game 
With life the cost of the game 
We forcing the change 
Mother fuck flossing the chain  
All the blame 
Belongs to the part of the brain (
That we never use nigga 
Plus my heart is in pain 
And if I ever lose homey 
Bet I'm at it again 
Outlaws don't die 
So united we stand 
And if family come before 
All the fortune and fame 
 
As I walk up in the crib 
Laid to rest my head 
Say some rhymes to angels 
Hope they bless my bed 
Hope they bless me the righteous way 
Got a homie locked down 
Outta town 
I sent him a kite today 
Man that hate in your heart you gotta cleanse it dog 
Praying for my downfall and I can sense it dog 
I was passed down the street fame 
Like glock clocked and keep aim 
Was raised up with a clock box 
And I ran with the local street gang 
They say the light is faded 
But still shine in the dark 
You can easy been a man 
But you is a boy in your heart 
And that's some game that I got 
From generation of game 
In the road of life dog 
We need to switch up lanes 
Think about it 

One thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
Nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

The one thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
It's been nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

I can't complain 
I've seen my fair share of the fame 
It won't change me 
Now I've got this piece of change 
I feel strange I got so used to the hood 
That when I finally got out at first it ain't feel good 
I was just a baby still retarded from slavery 
When we struggle to shovel shit ain't nobody saved me 
Ghetto ain't made me I made myself 
Poverty raised me thinking ain't no help 
I pray for my health my mind and my family too 
State of myself my grind and my family crew 
Where one hand watches the other 
No we ain't blood 
But we still real brothers 
The struggle is real 
Nothing can steal 
What we build 
And that remains the same 
'Till that day we killed 
And that's real 
Life that I was aimed to be 
Love by my family tree 
That's fame to me 
How about it 

One thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
Nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame 

The one thing we all adore 
Something worth dying for 
It's been nothing but pain 
Stuck in this game 
Searching for fortune and fame

Because we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
It blossoms in darkness, and gives birth to promising pods
I was that tree that grew from the weeds and wasn't meant to be
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving, family, tree

The rose that grew from concrete, yeah
The tree that wasn't meant to be
Though I, struggle in my life, I never give up
And you, know that I, will always be by your side
My family tree, yeah a family tree
Yeah, my family tree, my family tree

I find, greatness in the tree that grows against all odds
It blossoms in, darkness, and gives birth to a promising pod
You'll never see me give up

I will press on, never hold my head alone
Never no, my family tree, my family tree yeah
My family tree, family tree

Because we all spring from different trees
Does not mean we are not created equally
Is the true beauty in the tree
Or in the vast forest in which it breathes?

The tree must fight to breathe
Among the evils of the weeds

I find greatness in the tree, that grows against all odds
Ashamed I'm not, in fact I am proud, of my thriving, family, tree

I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you

I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you
I wanna freak you

Every time I close my eyes
I wake up feeling so horny
I can't get you outta my mind
Sexin' you be all I see
I would give anything
Just to make you understand me
I don't give a damn about nothing else
Freek'n you is all I need

Tonight, I need your body
Tonight, you got my time
Tonight you won't be sorry
Tonight, you got my mind
You got my mind, all I wanna do is freak you

What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you

Oooh, I could go on for days
But I couldn't go on for weeks
I can even play with another body
But it wouldn't last cause I'm a freak
Turned on by everything you say
I'm turned on by everything you do
And at night when I close my eyes
I only dream of freek'n you

Tonight, I need your body
Tonight, you got my time
Tonight you won't be sorry
Tonight, you got my mind
You got my mind, all I wanna do is freak you

What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you

Freek out and freek me up and down
DeVante Swing
Freek out and freek me up and down
Freek out and freek me up and down

Every freek'n night and every freek'n day
I wanna freek you baby in every freek'n way
Every freek'n day, every freek'n night
I wanna freek you girl
Your body's so freek'n tight

Every freek'n night and every freek'n day
I wanna freek you baby in every freek'n way
Every freek'n day, every freek'n night
I wanna freek you girl
Your body's so freek'n tight

What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you

What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you

What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you
What must I say
What must I do
To show how much
I think about freek'n you

'Pac in a slurred, drunken voice:

Ha ha ha, f*** all y'all, f*** all y'all, I don't need nobody
F*** 'em, f*** all y'all

Money gone f*** friends
I need a homie that know me
When all these motherf***in' cops be on me
I got problems ain't nobody calling back
Now what the f*** is happenin' with my ballin' cats
Remember me I'm ya homie that was down to brawl
Sippin' Hennessy hanging with the clowns and
All we used to do is drink brew, screw and common knew
We had b****es by the dozens "huh" we f***in' cousins
You can throw ya middle finger if ya feel me loc
A n**** just got paid and we still was broke
It took time, but finally the cash was mine
All the rewards of a hustler stuck in the grind
Look around, and all I see is snakes and fakes
It's like scavengers waitin' to take a hustler's place
And if you stuck, where the f*** is all ya friends
They straight busted and can't be trusted f*** y'all

F*** all y'all, f*** all y'all

I'm sippin' Tanqueray and juice and what's the use
Cause I'm a hopeless thug
Ain't no love reminiscing on how close we was
Way back in the day before they put the crack in the way
And hey how much money can you stack in a day
It's gettin' rough collect calls from my n****s in cuffs
I recollect we used to ball now just living's enough
I stand tall in the winter summer spring or fall
Thug for life sprawled all across the wall
And all about my dollars make me wanna holla
Drop an album sell a million give a f*** about tomorrow
I know it's gettin' crazy after dark
These marks keep on huffin' and puffin'
Ain't no fear in my heart
What's going on in the ghetto still struggle and strive
I still roll with the heater smokin' chocolate Thai
In 94 I'll be going solo
Too many problems of my own so I'm rollin' dolo
F*** all y'all

F*** all y'all, f*** all y'all
F*** all y'all, f*** all y'all
F*** all y'all, f*** all y'all

I went from rags to riches
Quick to socializing with the baddest b****es
Went from a bucket to a rag with switches
I'm seein' death around the corner
I'm bumpin' Gloria doin' 90 'cause I wanna
I'm getting high and like I said it was some chocolate Thai
Mixed with some indonesia watch me fly
And even though I know the cops behind me
Hit the weed and uh I continue doing 90 (Biotch)
Until I get caught another ticket get to kick it in court
F*** the law give a s*** I'm even worse than before
I know they wanna see a n**** buried
But I ain't worried still throwing these thangs
Got me locked in these chains
And hey n**** what the f*** is you wailin' 'bout
Soon as I hit the cell I'll be bailin' out
And when I hit the streets I'm in a rush to ball
I'm screaming Thug Life n**** f*** y'all

Ha ha ha, f*** all y'all, f*** all y'all, I don't need nobody
F*** 'em, f*** all y'all

Ha ha, what you say?
Who you callin' rapist? Ain't that a bitch
You devils, are so two faceted
Wanna see me locked in chains, dropped in shame
And gettin' stalked by these crooked cops a-gain
Fuckin' with the young black male, tryin' to stack mail
And um, stay away from the packed jails
I told the judge I'm in danger
And that's why I had that fo'-five with one in the chamber
Fuck the world!

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Uh, I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They're tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"

When I was comin' up rough that wasn't even what you called it
That's why I smoke blunts now and run with alcoholics
I'm gettin', threats to me, comin' from my enemies
And, in they dreams it's, Hell where they sendin me
Have I, lost control or just another soul
A car full of motherfuckers when we roll
Sippin' on yak as I sit back (YES!) life as a big mack
Brothers come up and say, "You did that?" (uh, uh, uh)
Never take yo' eyes off the prize, and even if you gettin' high
Don't ever hesitate to try
Cause you can fall off or stay ballin', niggas we all in
And them my motherfuckers callin' (oh, oh, oh)
Fuck the world!

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Just woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)

Man, fuck the world,
Damn, they wanna label me a menace
'Cause I'm sittin' here sippin' on Guinness
Weighin' 1

, and these tricks should die
For bein' jealous of a brother when he rides
I can see it in yo' eyes, you wanna see a young playa fallin'
They hate to see a nigga ballin'
Some of you suckers is rottin', plottin' on what I got
And then you wonder why I shot him (boo-ya!)
Stop givin game for free, you wanna hang with me
Like being a thug is the thang to be?
But I got love for my homies, the G's and macks
And if you're black, you better stay strapped
Nigga, fuck the world!

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They try to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
Got up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"

Ha ha, fuck the world! Fuck it
I hear my niggas screamin' fuck the world!

They wanna know if I claim the click, that I'm hangin' with
And if I'm down with this bangin' shit
Well homie I don't give a fuck if you Blood or 'cause
Long as ya got love for thugs
But don't try to test me out, stall that
Homie this is Thug Life nigga and we all strapped
I been through, Hell and back, and if I, fell black
Then it's, back to the corner where we sell crack
Some of you niggas is bustas; you runnin 'round 
With these tramp=ass bitches, don't trust her
But don't cry, this world ain't prepared for us
A straight thug motherfucker who ain't scared to bust
Fuck the world!

(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up and screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(They're tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin', "Fuck the world!" [uh!]
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
(They tryin' to say that I don't care)
I woke up screamin', "Fuck the world!"
(Yeah what's goin' on y'all?)
(uh, uh, uh) Fuck the world!

I don't care, I don't care, I don't care!

Uh, hit em with a little ghetto gospel

Those who wish to follow me
My ghetto gospel
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

If I could recollect before my hood days
I sit and reminisce
Thinking of bliss and the good days
I stop and stare at the younger
My heart goes to em
They tested with stress that they under
And nowadays things change
Everyone's ashamed of the youth cause the truth look, strange
And for me it's reversed
We left em a world that's cursed
And it hurts
Cause any day they'll push the button
And all come in like Malcolm X or Bobby Hutton died for nothing
Don't it make you get teary
The world looks dreary
When you wipe your eyes see it clearly
There's no need for you to fear me
If you take your time and hear me
Maybe you can learn to cheer me
It ain't about black or white cause we human
I hope we see the light before it's ruined, my ghetto gospel

Those who wish to follow me
My ghetto gospel
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

Tell me do you see that old lady
Ain't it sad
Living out of bags
Plus she's glad for the little things she has
And over there there's a lady
Crack got her crazy
Guess who's giving birth to a baby
I don't trip or let it fade me
From out of the fryin' pan
We jump into another form of slavery
Even now I get discouraged
Wonder if they take it all back
Will I still keep the courage
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottles
I make mistakes but learn from every one
And when it's said and done
I bet this brother be a better one
If I upset you don't stress never forget
That God isn't finished with me yet
I feel his hand on my brain
When I write rhymes I go blind and let the Lord do his thing
But am I less holy
Cause I chose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace and end the war in the streets
My ghetto gospel

Those who wish to follow me
My ghetto gospel
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last
Into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior
Without the sound of guns

Lord can you hear me speak
To pay the price of being hellbound

The only way, for me to come back, is by makaveli
That's it! all these motherfuckers stole from me
I'm takin' back what's mine

Laughing you motherfuckers can't stop me
Even if I die, I'm gon' be a fuckin' problem
Do you believe in ghosts, motherfucker?
Real live black ghosts
Feel me?

Some say I'm crazy, these punk-ass cops can't fade me
Mama tried to raise me, but had too many babies
Papa was a motherfuckin, joke
Used to find dope in his coat
And nearly choked when he'd tell me not to smoke
Daaamn, don't get me started
My mama smoked so god damn much
When she was pregnant I'm surprised I ain't retarded
At night I can't sleep, can't peep
As they pass through the glass of my neighbors five deep
Starin at the wall, heard a scream
Wake up in the mornin
See the blood in the hall from the murder scene
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullabye
On the corner, where the niggaz slang they crack
And the undercovers jack those that don't watch they back
(five-oh!) I daydream about the dope world
Take a puff from the blunt and watch the smoke swirl
My mausberg goes boom, what's another plug
Snatchin drugs, pumpin slugs in these other thugs
(give it up nigga) don't run out of breath
Every step could be death 'til you blast
And be the last nigga left, then I'll be ghost

Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullabye
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullabye

A seven-deuce full of niggaz goes by
Thought I was trippin the second time they rolled, by
Recognized the plates, the faces looked familiar
Everybody swear they know the nigga that's gonna, kill ya
Don't murder me murder me, killa a nigga in his sleep
Let me die as I rest in peace, deep
Back to these niggaz in the seven-deuce
A mac-10 out the window bout to let it loose, what could I do?
Run for cover and return fire
Die motherfuckin die, hope yo' ass fry, don't ask why
But I let off everything I have
An empty clip, hit the ground as a nigga dash
On my ass was the motherfuckin cops now
Barely breathin tryin to keep from gettin shot down
Boo-yaow is the sound, bullet whizzed by
Still runnin like a nigga got nine lives
Don't know why but I'm runnin to my fuckin block
Took a shot, tired of runnin from the niggaz and the cops
Time to be a ghost
(hey man, come the fuck on!)
And then we'll be ghost

Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullabye
Don't cry, just ask why, and try not to die
As I take you through a ghetto nigga's lullabye

Fuck the police nigga!laughing

Heah hah hah!  
I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggaz got this ass motherfuckin up
Aiy baby, aiy baby... aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga

With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's (yeah)
and, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
beeeitch, I'm just

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin, I'm still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be
 
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

God
When I was alone, and had nothing
I asked for a friend to help me bear the pain
No one came, except God
When I needed a breath to rise, from my sleep
No one could help me, except God
When all I saw was sadness, and I needed answers
No one heard me, except God
So when I'm asked, who I give my unconditional love to?
I look for no other name, except God

Every since the day you went away and left me lonely and cold 
My life just hasn't been the same, oh baby no 
When I looked into your eyes the moment that I let you go I just broke down 
Baby if I ever get the chance to be with you again I would sacrifice 
'Cause the feeling that I feel within 
No another man would never make me feel so right 
Its nice to smile when I get your phone call at night, 
But I rather have you here with me, 
Right next to me and that's the way you hold me tight, 

I got to let you know I feel so weak without your touch 
I never thought that I could ever love a man so much 
I gotta let you know I think that we are destiny 
For you id cross the world for you id do anything 
That's right baby I'm going crazy 
I need to be your lady 
I've been thinking latley 
That you and me, yes we can make it 
Just ride with me, roll with me I'm in love with you baby 
That's right baby I'm going crazy 
I need to be your lady 
I've been thinking latley 
That you and me, yes we can make it 
Just ride with me, roll with me I'm in love with you baby 

Brake it down now tell you what I feel, 
From the moment I met you its been so damn real, 
My heart seems to skip another beat every time we speak, 
Can't believe I feel so weak 
Tell me that you really need me, 
You want me, you miss me, you love me, 
I'm your lady, 
Ill be around waiting for you, 
Put it down be the women for you 
I'm falling so deep for you 
Cause your you 
I'm callin, callin out to you, 
What am I gonna do 
Its true no frontin 
Its you, and no other, 
I can know long ago I'm with out you ill just break down 

I got to let you know I feel so weak without your touch 
I never thought that I could ever love a man so much 
I gotta let you know I think that we are destiny 
For you id cross the world for you id do anything 
That's right baby I'm going crazy 
I need to be your lady 
I've been thinking latley 
That you and me, yes we can make it 
Just ride with me, roll with me I'm in love with you baby 
That's right baby I'm going crazy 
I need to be your lady 
I've been thinking latley 
That you and me, yes we can make it 
Just ride with me, roll with me I'm in love with you baby

I was so money orientated, initiated as a thug
Fiendin' for wicked adventures, ambitious as I was
Picture a nigga on the verge of livin' insane
I sold my soul for a chance to kick it and bang
Now tell if I'm wrong
But sayin' "Fuck the world" got you deeper in my songs
Drinkin' 'til I earl, spendin' money 'til it's gone
It's the good life, maybe niggas got it goin' on
Now maybe if I died, and came back, wouldn't have to slang crack
Addicted to the game, so obviously we came strapped
Please forgive me for my wicked ways, fuck a bitch
Bad Boy niggas eat a dick a day, bumpin' this
Lord have mercy it's a slaughter
So wicked that my tracks is wettin' niggas like it's water
I learned my lessons as a thug in these wicked ass hood fights
But I'm a baller now, nigga, I live the good life

This is the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust the hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die
See, we live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die

No one knows what the, future holds, for you
Haha, listen closely
They say reach in yo' heart and you'll find your mind
Every day in the streets, got my foresight blind
My after time is narrow, peepin' down the barrel of a foe
Just a nigga or a killer I don't know so
Who makes the call will I fall a victim like the rest?
Slug in the chest, one in the dome and make sure I'm gone
Send me home all alone in these cold streets
In desperation constantly drinkin' and I can't sleep
Neck deep strugglin' tryin' to survive
Some wanna die I wanna stay alive, eyes on the prize
Let me modify this whole region
I declare this sucker duckin' season, give me the reason
Why I should change, into a softie
After livin' so loftily
It cost me my soul out of control in a devil's world
Me, my niggas, and my girl, livin' the good life!

We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die
Uh ha, We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die

I spend my days and nights not knowin' if, strays in flight
Gon' finally catch me, it's the good life, can you hear me?
Clearly over the edge, soon as I wake up
Last night we off the hook, doin' way too much
But it's the fast lane only, big dealin' big ceilin'
All for the money, some kill some squeal
All for the money, most ain't even real
But we still call 'em homies, now what the fuck is that?
Fake love, fake thugs are, all in the game
I watch 'em all plot and fall while we come up and gain
Outlaw never surrender is the call when you hear us comin'
Bitch nigga get to runnin' 'fore my click get to gunnin'
Still in the midst of all the stress and pain
We still tryin' to get a hold of the game
Livin' that good life

We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die, uhh
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't, uhh
We live the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb niggas that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die, uhh
This is the good life, fuck my foes
God bless the dumb bitches that, trust these hoes
Found a way to stack money guaranteed to rise
And live the good life, 'cause thug niggas don't die

You find an MC like me who's strong
Leaving motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone I get deadly as Kahn though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those
Who can withstand, the more power I gain
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck your brain
Imagine and keep on wishing upon a star
Finally realizing who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstanding, faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all time
When I created rhyme for the simple fact
When I attack I crush your pride
My intention to ride, every time all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride
Breaking in gas with the six-eight all day
In and out with my pay
I'm soon to count the bodies

So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facing
We must be patient nothing better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable like gas stations
Sorry I left that ass waiting
No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that ass shaking
I'm busting and making motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted put that ass in the dirt
You swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to Rhythm Nation
But thugged out, forgive me Janet
Who's in control I'm activating your souls
You know, the way the games get controlled
You, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fucking rhyme I wrote
Taking off my coat, clearing my throat

I got my mind made up, come on (come on)
Get in get in too (get on it)
Let it ride (get wit it) tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in get in too
Let it ride tonight's the night

Well I come through with two packs
Of the bomb prophalaks for protection
So my fucking sac won't collapse
Cause nowadays, shit's evading the x-rays
Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifying like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfucking poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fucking bom-bay
Your got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay
My rhymes, I leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly vibes spread through your head like sand pine
There's no escape, nah I ain't blasting
I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those asking
Opposed to laughing, raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of the killing
Why is that? 'cause smiling faces deceive
You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
Your whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes
My verbal snipe, your vocab on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
Your already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers
Like Hitler, sticking up (Jews) with German (lugers)
The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this mess-age don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket blow!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen
Half of my Clan's three deep felons
Niggas best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel
Man I stay on point like icicles
Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical
All up in your motherfucking mouth
Head banger boogie
Catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and falling fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

Hey yo, lyrical gas spitting the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless, the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
To bust till every nigga here drop, men I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out till your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot
With, this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst
Then proceeds like keys
My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's
Lick off a shot and hit your fam' by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case Jake or a snake bust it
I'm the one pushing the hearse in the first place
Confidence for you shaky ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
Choke, off this anecdote got you ope
Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Colt
And I'm out for nine nickel (INS the rebels)
West, list this, this, this

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, get yours

Ayo I'm smooth as I wanna be, fuck with me you's a gonna g!
(Oh, that's the way it is?)
Fuck yeah and that's the way it's gonna be
(Why), puffin up on tha dank and drinking mad brew
Taking names and after that I'm kickin' ass too
Breed, time to flow (can I get a rhyme to go)
Hell yeah, Pac, I'll sit back, straight up design it slow
They hate to see a young nigga (come up)
Another punk, (run up) and have to get his (gun up)
Cause uh I ain't takin no shorts
Like a Newport fort, exploitin' the floor like Jordan
Explodin on the hoop court
And I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be nuttin like Mike
'Cause even Mike was like it's a itsy bit triflin'
And when you in the spotlight, you get um jocked right
But your knot's not tight
Buckin' anybody who fuck wit' mine
When will they realize? I'm straight out to get mine

You gotta get yours, I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, get yours

I keep my mind on my money, money on my mind
Finger on the trigger, nigga, hand on my 9
Smokin' blunts a skunk, making holes in punks
And only underground funk pumpin' outta my trunk
Live the life of a hustler, high 'til I die
Meeting bitches, getting riches, miss me with lies
Picture me living out my life as a busta
I'd rather pop out a shot from my Glock and blast mothafuckas
I live the thug life, baby, I'm hopeless
Chokin' off indo, tryin' to keep my focus
Don't let that bullshit worry me
Fuck the fame, I'm true to the game 'til they bury me
God gave me game, so I'm hustlin'
Pour out some liqour for my niggas, 2Pac is still strugglin'
My nigga Breed knew the time
Whether it's rhyme or crime, nigga, I gotta get mine

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, get yours

Now, tell me van you measure the amount of applause I keep gettin'?
Everytime I pick up a mic and start spittin'
The sidewalks of New York will start bumpin'
Jumpin' around, with the motherfuckin' pound
And I'm down to the fullest, and breakin' niggas ass off proper
Did I shock you, 'cause I got you in my pocket again
Them new jacks and you jacks
Who knew me and my niggas, when I used to run it way back when
I boasted, and roasted, and coasted to the pinnacle
Because of what I do with a pen
It's vernacular precision
Connect the two lines and it's division
Plus, when I add lutes and flutes
It's guaranteed to sell like prostitutes
I never had a love for hoes who put it blunt
And want me in the back, but, bitch, I'm in the front!
Don't front, and really I don't need a reply
Pull yourself together as you pass me by
I'm on a whole another level, them hoes is left
I told you before, keep ya pussy to yourself
Goodbye, some many niggas lied to have
Funny what a motherfucker do for math
I got fractions caught up in my everday actions
Point equal to your real satisfaction
Buckin' anybody who fuck wit' mine
When will they realize, I'm straight out to get mine haha

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours

I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours

Guess who's back?

Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
Two minutes to bounce, and every second counts
Better press, wreck on your tech, here we go, set pass the Moet
My trickery's more slippery when wet
Wicked as I flip, don't trip, get a grip
It'll kick, if the bass line's thick, it's a hit
Everybody's got a mic now, its like a hobby
But more like a job, 'cause bootleggers trying to rob me
And little man wants to be a rap, star
Make papes, hit skins, drive a fat car
It ain't easy, sleazy even
Deceiving those we, believe in
No benefits, just tricks and chicks
Knock a pig to pick, so here's a stick to lick
I shoot a gift, til there ain't none left
And if I find that the track sound def
I catch wreck till I lose my breath
That's how it goes in the land of broke
I dispose of those, rock shows, and collect my dough
Now I suppose I'm the bad guy, why?
I say, "Hi," and try to stay high
Life's a mess don't stress, test, of giving
But be thankful that you're living blessed
Guess who's back, coming back with the track supplied
By Special Ed and AK, coming right and exact
I'm fighting it back, now snap, where they at?
When it's time to go to combat, guess who's back

Guess who's back?
Guess who's back?
Guess who's back?
Guess who's back?

"Yes I'm back"
"Tupac is" 
Back!

Drop the drums, here it comes, only got
One minute to bounce, and every second counts
I went from hustling dicks, to making hits, busting flicks
Now I'm sure to be rich for ninety-six
I pull my 'capes on tapes, and make, papes
Trace the bass, to the tape with the baddest bass to date
I try to shake it but the pace is hard to break
Good thoughts I wait, 'cause they hate my black take
Yeah, it's on, and it's packed in the rap race
But if ya got a black face, its a rat race
I struggle to be rugged and raw, Dukes
Trying to survive in the trials and lawsuits
Everybody wants to test me, why me?
No lie, niggas cried when they try me
Giving up the roughness, justice
I'ma bust as I'm ripping up 'nough hits
And guess who's back? No longer trapped
Cause I snapped on the ones that held me back, feel the contact
Ride the track, get I grip as I flip
Ghetto wickedness I kick, guess who's back?

Guess who's back?

"Yes I'm back, 'cause I never did front"

Makaveli in this
Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Feel me! (Come with me, Hail Mary nigga)
And God said he should send his one begotten son (Hail Mary nigga, run quick see)
To lead the wild into the ways of the man (what do we have here, now)
(Do you want to ride or die) Follow me (La dadada, la la la la)
Eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

I ain't a killer, but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God, hoping that he's listening
Seeing niggas coming for me, through my diamonds, when they glistening
Now pay attention, bless me please Father, I'm a ghost
In these killing fields, Hail Mary, catch me if I go
Let's go deep inside the solitary mind of a madman
Screams, in the dark, evil lurks
Enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupt and fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggas is lucky if we bust out this shit, and plus
Mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Penitentiaries is packed with promise-makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggas is wasting
Instutionalized, I live my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble
We ballin' catch me father please, cause I'm fallin'
In the liquor store pass the Hennessy I hear ya callin'
Can I get some more?
Hell, 'til I reach hell, I ain't scared
Mama checking in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do?
One life to live but I got nothing to lose
Just me and you on a one way trip to prison
Selling drugs, we all wrapped up in this living life as thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max doing their bid
Raise hell to this real shit and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be there in the dark
Thugging eternal through my heartnow Hail Mary nigga

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

They got a APB out on my thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K-blasted off of Hennessy and Thai
Chronic, mixed in, now I'm twisted, blistered and high
Visions of me, thug-living, getting me by
Forever live, and I multiply, survived by thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they coming with slugs

Peep the whole scene and whatever's going on around me
Brain kind of cloudy, smoked out, feeling rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever and that mothafucka
Nasty new street slugger, my heat seeks suckers
On the regular, mashing in a stolen Black Ac' Integra
Cocked back, 60 seconds til the draw that's when I'm deadin' ya feet first
You've got a nice Gat but my heat's worse
From a thug to preaching church, I gave you love, now you eating dirt
Needing work and I ain't the nigga to put you on
'Cause word is bond, when I was broke I had to hustle 'til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
Hold your head and stay up to all my niggas, get your pay and weight up

If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate?
To this shit I don't got be the shit I gotta take
Dealing with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now (We've been traveling on this weary road)
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la (Sometimes life can take a heavy load)

Come with me (But we ride, ride it like a bullet)
Hail Mary nigga run quick see (Hail Mary, Hail Mary)
What do we have here now (We won't worry, everything well curry)
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la (Free like the bird in the tree)

Come with me (We won't worry, everything well curry)
Hail Mary nigga run quick see (Yes we free like the bird in the tree)
What do we have here now (We running from the penitentiary)
Do you want to ride or die (This is the time for we liberty, Hail Mary)
La dadada, la la la la (Hail Mary)

Come with me
Hail Mary nigga run quick see
What do we have here now
Do you want to ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Westside, Outlawz
Makaveli the Don, Solo
Killuminati, The 7 Days

Home man, hey (what's up)
Let's turn this house into a happy home
This for all the homeboys that couldn't get they happy home
Let's turn this house into a happy home
Long as one of us got it, some of us got it
Let's turn this house into a happy home
You know how that is, stay down for mine
Outlaw, look

Now we've been kickin' it for quite some time
Remained beside me through my trials in this life of crime
We done fought so many times I forgot to count
I never hit you, not a coward, rather leave your house
Remember back in December when we was tight?
Sippin' Alize and Cristal, whylin' every night, in my bedroom!
Promised that I commit to you soon
Tongue-kissed me every time you seen me step inside a room
Straight out the hood
We promised to be good to each other, plus I love you
So I know you gon' make a good mother
Just try to understand if I change in time
It's only 'cause I never owned anything that's mine
So I'm tryin you can stay with my momma but keep the drama to a low
Never call the police, I never call you bitch or ho'
We were all born hungry in this world alone
Finally moved out my mom's house, and got a happy home

Happy, home
(Let's turn this house into a happy home)
Happy, home
(Finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)
Happy, home
(Turn this house into a happy home)
Happy, home

Born through hard times, ghetto child of mine
I wonder if you have to suffer for your father's crimes
To be honest it's a hard road
Just keep your faith in God, knowin' you'll get scarred though
Look at him walkin' and talkin', a lil' child with my eyes and mouth
Father watch over lil' seeds, help me guide them out
Had to change my whole lifestyle, married my baby's momma
Made her my wife now, I'm tryin' hard y'all
Maybe in time I'll be a better man
Watchin' the older couples, handle it like veterans
Show me the meanin' of forever and together we rise
If it would help our child grow, then together we'd die
Why - question my love, it's so easy to see
Without my family all I'm left with is a shadow of me
After all the arguments, and the nights alone
Now it's time to live the good life, inside a happy home

Happy, home
(Turn this house into a happy home)
Happy, home
(Finally got to live the good life inside a happy home)
Happy, home
(Turn this house into a happy home)
Happy, home
(Happy home)

All these problems got me goin'
We got a family, of our own
I just wanna happy home
(turn this house into a happy home)
No man's made to stand alone
I promise I won't do you wrong
I just want a happy home
(finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)

Happy home
(Turn this house into a happy home)
Happy home
(Finally got to live the good life inside a happy home)
Happy home
(Turn this house into a happy home)
Happy home
(Finally made it out my mom's house, got a happy home)
Happy home
(Hey haha, turn this house into a happy home)
(Long as one of us got it, some of us got it)
(Turn this house into a happy home)

Hey Suge
What I tell you, nigga
When I come out of jail, what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas' chest, right
Watch this
Hey Quik, let me get them binoculars, nigga, the binoculars
Yeah nigga, time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga 'cause it's gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side
The real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real motherfuckers
And there's gonna be some pussies
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussies are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize 'cause the ride get tricky
See, you got some niggas on your side that say they're your friends
But in real life they your enemies
And then you got some motherfuckers that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See, the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
It's a dirty game, y'all
Y'all gotta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
'Cause the shit get wild, y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, baby
Keep your mind on your riches

9-1-1 It's an emergency cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit, I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
Cowards die
My mama told me when I was a seed
Just a vicious motherfucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver, when I deliver
Criminal lyrics from a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Makaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, that's what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinite Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches like a southpaw you get left
And every breath I breathe until the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Eternally I live in sin until the moment that they let me breathe again

The hearts of men
The hearts of men

My lyrical verse was so much pain, to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust and, if you ain't one of us, it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
In fly mode, I'm a homicidal outlaw
And 5-0, get your lights on, the fight's on
Tonight's gonna be a fucking fight, so we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a G to this til the day I'm gone, that's regardless
Ride by, niggas bow down
Thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well, nigga's out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
First nigga getting drugged out
I can be a villian if ya let me
A motherfucker if you do upset me
Tell the cops to come and get me
Rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no mutherfuckin' friends, nigga

Look inside the hearts of men
In the hearts of men
In the hearts of men

To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear, my pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year, like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a don
If niggas is having problems, smoke 'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugging is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
Scar'd up, but still flowing
Energized and still going
Uh, can it be fate
That makes a sick motherfucker break
On these jealous ass coward 'cause they evil and fake
What will it take?
Give me that bass line, I'm feeling bomb
Death Row, baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent, 'cause I've been sent

The hearts of men

Heaven ain't hard to find
(All you gotta do is look)

Simply because you nervous, let me start off with my conversation
Hoping my information, elevates the hesitation
I can see it clearly now
Catch you smiling through your frown
I'm askin' Baby Boo are you down?
Although I know you've heard about my reputation
Across the nation, "Mr. I get around"
My temptation got me dripping wet, perspiration
I'm activated by the moves your making
Baby why you faking, strip naked get the love making
See its all in your mind, so every time I sip a glass of wine
I fantasize till that ass is mine
Never gettin' but wanting, never touching but wishing
A straight thug on a mission until I get what I'm missing
Stop with the beeper, baby listen,
I know you're grown, but pay attention
Let me hypnotize with my tounge kissen'
This is a message to bomb bodies and all dimes

Turn around one more time
Heaven ain't hard to find

(Heaven)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

Heaven ain't hard to find
In fact you can have it just have faith
Just like a little kid, still believing in magic
It takes a lot of sacrifice
With all the lonely nights on tour
I need somebody I can trust in my life
Let me apply the brakes
Baby you're moving to fast
My conversations are getting deeper, but first let me ask
Are you afraid of a thug ?
And have you ever made love
With candles and bubbles sipping in your tub
Touch me and let me activate your blood pressure
This thug passion
Help the average man love better
Picture me naked and glistening beneath the moonlight mist
Take a shot of that Alize
Come give me a kiss
And maybe we can be better friends
Perhaps we'll be closer
I'll be the thug in your life
Baby and you'll be my soulja
And I know it takes some time
And you got a lot of questions on your mind
But relax, in due time
Heaven ain't hard to find

(Heaven)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven ain't hard to find)

You think we all dogs, that's why you cautious when I approached you
Been talking since you arrived, but not a word is spoken
Through my eye contact, I wink and you respond back
Look at me
What's all that? Huh
It's like the closer you get, baby the quicker I'm speaking
I got a flight out Chicago, lets kick it this weekend
I'm sipping Hennessy and coke
Tho' addicted to weed smoke
I'm fiendin' for your body even mo'
Oh god help me identify me truest thoughts
Your hidden motives full of passion who would of thought
Come hollar at me baby, love me for my thug nature
Far from a player hater, label me a money maker
Straight heart breaker
Baby we can be friends
I can soup you in my Benz
We'll ride, I'll let you floss it for your friends
Once we begin
Until the end, it gets better with time
I'm makin' love to your mind baby
Heaven ain't hard to find

(Heaven, heaven ain't hard to find
Heaven ain't hard to find (no, no)
Heaven ain't hard to find
(Heaven, heaven, heaven, heaven)
(Heaven ain't hard to find)
(Heaven, heaven, heaven)
(Ain't hard to find)
(Ain't hard to find)
(Ain't hard to find)

(Game's been good to me)
(I don't care what it did to them the game's been good to me)

Oh, you tink life is yours?
Life ain't no something you can rap with
Ooh come no ordinary game
The game no something you can rap with
Me's a player you know?
I do not, play in no game
Me just, make money, dollars, every time seen?

Now how can I explain how this game laced, plus with this fame
I got enemies do anything to break me, my attitude changed
Got to the point where I was driven, twenty-four seven
Money's my mission, just a nigga trying to make a living
These buster tricks don't want no mail
They spending they riches on skinless bitches
Who'll stay petrified in jail
It's hell, plus all the dealers want a meal ticket
Jealous-ass bitches, player-hating but we still kick it
Always keep my eyes on the prize, watch the police
Seen so much murder, neighborhoods getting no sleep
But still, I get my money on major, continuously
Communicating through my pager, niggas know me
Don't have no homies cause they jealous, I hustle solo
'Cause when I'm broke I got no time for the fellas, listen
Ain't nothing popping 'bout no work nigga, I ain't no joke
Fuck what they say and get your dough nigga
Heavy in the game (Game's been good to me)

Who the bumba clat him a come try take mine?
Oh, me see you rushin' up (Game's been good to me)
I throw I'm blood claat P.M. to A.M.
All, all the bumba come ya take dis ting
For ya take dis ting for joke?
(I don't care what it did to them the game's been good to me)
Oh! Dat's right

Well lemme shoot some of this how heavy type of shit,
Certain niggas wanna stick to the game, yousea trick to the game
Waiting upon your turn, so when will you learn?
Ain't no turns given, niggas be twisting and taking shit
Putting they sack down, then putting they mack down
Me myself I hustle with finesse yes I'm an Oakland baller
Rule number one: check game, and fo' sho' you gon' respect game
Be yo' own nigga meaning buy yo' own dope
'Cause that front shit is punk shit, something I never funked with
Be true to this game and this game will be true to you
That's real shit, disrespect, see what this here do to you
That jacking and robbing, despising your homie
Ain't healthy, niggas be ending up dead 'fore they get wealthy
But not me though, I'm sewing something major
So what I reap is boss, that's why my public status is floss
Went from a, young nigga living residential
To a, young nigga working presidential (Game's been good to me)

Me nigga Tu-pac always look good
You know that's true I'm look good every time
Ooh, pussy war? Step up (Game's been good to me)
Can yi know I'm serving up blood claat
Playing yi fucking games
Ooh, we take game, we won!
(I don't care what it did to them the game's been good to me)
Any by now, all, yi haffa forget fi we won!
Every time

I'm just a young black male, cursed since my birth
Had to turn to crack sales, if worse come to worse
Headed for them packed, jails, or maybe it's a hearse
My only way to stack mail, is out here doing dirt
Made my decisions do or die, been hustling since junior high
No time for asking why, getting high, getting mine
Put away my nine, cause these times call for four-five sales
'Cause life is hell and everybody dies
What about these niggas I despise, them loud talking cowards
Shooting guns into crowds, jeopardizing lives
Shoot em right between them niggas eyes, it's time to realize
Follow the rules or follow them fools that die
Everybody's trying to make the news, niggas confused
Quit trying to be an O.G. and pay your dues
If you choose to apply yourself, go with the grain
And come the riches and the bitches and the fame
Heavy in the game (Game's been good to me)

Boy, ya nah bitch!
Major that's true we look good every time
When we at Beers Diamond
And Tupac drives vintage car (Game's been good to me)
And fi them frame them look good, oh no?
This whole world ya call on
Gonna mass on a face 
(I don't care what it did to them the game's been good to me)
For any, section of bumba ras claat, oh!
Flush it! Oh!
Nobody wan come test me ya know
True them we a drive pretty car
Wanna no part of any ting
And now you wan come drown a gun
But ya see we know, you haffa show I'm maximum respect
For when a blood clat run or when a pussy walk up
We look good every time
'Nough dollars, dollars!
Ya know about dollars Them right?
But we nah talk no shit
We haffa walk de walk for we a talk, see it?
'Cause action, action speak louder dan words
You know the record!
Don't blood claat ting at ALL

Get on yo' knees nigga
Get on yo' knees and pray

Huh, increase the doses, busting whoever closest
Thug living, hell or prison, never losing my focus
I'm making money moves mandatory
In a discussion my past records tell a story
Picture niggas we rushing and still busting
Til the cops come running, duck in abandoned buildings
Ditching my gun, homeboy the motherfucking villain
I live the lifestyles of drug dealers, but now legit list
So I laugh til I cry, when the law come get me
No baby momma drama, nigga miss me, why plant seeds
In a dirty bitch, waiting to trick me, not the life for me
Living carefree, til I'm buried, and if they dare me
I'm busting on niggas until they scurry, I'm clearly
A man of military means in my artillery
Watching over me through every murder scene
From adolescence, to my early teens, thought we was gonna die
Selling dope to all the fiends, at times I want to cry
And still, we try to change the past, in vain
Never knowing if this game'll last, feeling ashamed
Of cocaine, the product of the devil, am I selling my soul?
Got tired of small time livin, niggas telling me no
I got mine! Fuck them other suckers! That's the mentality
Jealous-ass bustaz, make it hell for us

Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on judgment day
It ain't me, I was raised this way
I never let em play me for a buster, make it hell for a hustler

Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on judgment day
It ain't me, I was raised this way
I never let em play me for a buster, make it hell for a hustler

Now in these last days and times I takes mines so serious
Gotta get that paper quickly and escape the sickness
If I fail, then I suffer, being broke is hell 4 a hustler
So I stay struggling and juggling with all the might I can muster
Since a youngster, been money hungry, moved in
One's five's and ten's was funny money
So I sets my sights bigger, four figures or mo'
Real nigga fo' sho', out in the cold for dough
What you thought? ?, lost homies in plenty battles
Last two years shed plenty tears, and I'll send plenty at you
Let me catch you slipping, you soft niggas is outta here
In case you forgot, we on the same shit that got us here

Yo, to every step I take, every foul I make
Every jail I break, every mill' I ate
Head to head, whoever hustle hardest
On the block ducking charges, nigga fuck the sergeant
He got a job, all my bottles got a pinch of coke
Listen tho' I'm missing dough I gotta gather mo'
Hell no, dead blocks with red tops but now a nigga sell words
For all my young thugs in jail in Jerz
They made it hell 4 a hustler, I bails high as fuck son
Dying luck none supply us with much guns
I buck one, just to let you know that I can touch ya
Slanging cracks or raps, still hell 4 a hustler

Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on judgment day
It ain't me, I was raised this way
I never let em play me for a buster, make it hell for a hustler

No insanity plea for me, I ride the beef til I burn
Sensimilla bar your kids from the lessons I learned
And in turn I'm hostile guess you could call me anti-social
Niggas shaking like they caught the holy ghost when I approach em
Try to politic, before I smoke em, like Sun Zu
Niggas do unto these snitches, before it's done to you
And if the cops come arrest me in the evening
Best believe they coming for my dogs in the morning
And if I die by a slug, the death of a true thug
Tell me will my niggas mourn me? Getting blowed out
High, watch me murder the bird, before he testify
Strikes, walking close to my third, I live a trouble life
And if you dream be a part of my team
From Long Beach to Queens, drug dealers to ex-fiends
Keep yo' eyes on the prize, nigga watch for busters
Either heaven or jail, it's still hell 4 a hustler

Lord, help me change my ways
Show a little mercy on judgment day
It ain't me, I was raised this way
I never let em play me for a buster, make it hell for a hustler

This is how we ride
Not knowing if we'll live or die
Catch me rolling with my motherfucking guns on the side
In case of drama, I'm the first to break wild til they all die
This is how we ride
Not knowing if we'll live or die
Catch me rolling with my motherfucking guns on the side
In case of drama, I'm the first to break wild
Until they all die, Outlaw
Yes (change my ways) yes
The Black Jesus guide us through this
Weary weary weary weary
Only God can save us
Nothing but boss players
Outlawz and thugs

Major! Hell motherf***in' yeah
This one goes out to my n**** Mike Coolin', hell yeah
Mama raised a hellrazor, born thuggin'
Heartless and mean, muggin' at sixteen
On the scene watchin' fiends buggin'
Kickin' up dust with the older G's
Soakin' up the game that was told to me
I ain't never touched a gat that I couldn't shoot, I learned
Not to trust the b**** from the prostitutes, was taught lessons
A young n**** askin' questions while other suckers was guessin'
I was ganked for sexin'
Elementary wasn't meant for me, can't regret it
I'm headed for the penitentiary, I'm cuttin' class
And I'm buckin' blastin', straight mashin'
Mobbin' through the overpa** laughin'
While these other motherf***ers try to figure out, no doubt
They jealous of a n****'s clout, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? I keep my finger in the trigger
'Cause some n**** tried to kill me
And mama raised a hellraizor, everyday gettin' paid
Police on my pager, straight stressin'
A fugitive my occupation is under question
Wanted for investigation, and even though
I'm marked for death, I'ma spark til I lose my breath
Motherf***ers, every time I see the paper
I see my picture, when a n****'s gettin' richer
They come to get ya, it's like a motherf***in' trap
And they wonder why it's hard bein' black
Dear Lord can ya feel me, gettin' major, uh

Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor
Dear Lord can ya feel me
Stress gettin' major, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major

Tell me Lord can ya feel me, show a sign
Damn near running outta time, everybody's dyin'
Mama raised a hellrazor, can't figure
Why you let the police beat down n****s
I'm startin' to think all the rich in the world is safe
While the po' babies restin' in the early graves
God come save the youth
Ain't nothin' else to do but have faith in you
Dear Lord I live the life of a Thug, hope you understand
Forgive me for my mistakes, I gotta play my hand
And my hand's on the sixteen-shot, semi-automatic
Crooked cop killin' Glock, tell me Lord
Can ya feel me? Show a way
I'm prayin' but my enemies won't go away
And everywhere I turn I see n****s burn
Every n**** that I knows on death row
My younger homie's seventeen and he paid a price
Little young motherf***er doin' triple life
Though I tell him in his letters, it's gettin' better
If my n**** knew the truth he'd hit the roof
Just heard ya baby's mama was smoked out, f*** the drama
Wanna break my Loc out, smokin' blunts
Gettin' drunk off that Tanqueray gin
Bout to break my n**** out the f***in' pen
Mama raised a hellrazor, uh, yeah
C'mon, uh, mama raised a hellrazor
Uh, dear Lord can ya feel me, stress gettin' major (Lord be my savior, uh)

Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major
Lord be my savior, uh
Mama raised a hellrazor, stress gettin' major

Dear Lord can ya hear me, it's just me
A young n**** tryin' to make it on these rough streets
I'm on my knees beggin' please come and save me!
The whole world done made a n**** crazy!
I got my three-five-seven can't control it
Screamin' die motherf***er and he's loaded
Everybody run for cover, I cause s***
Thug Life motherf***er, duck quick
Now am I wrong if I am don't worry me
'Cause do or die gettin' high til the bury me
Dear Lord if ya hear me, tell me why
Little girl like LaTasha, had to die
She never got to see the bullet, just heard the shot
Her little body couldn't take it, it shook and dropped
And when I saw it on the news I see busta' girl killin' 'Tasha
Now I'm screamin' f*** the world, in the end
It's my friends, that flip-flop
Lip-locked on my dick when my s*** drop
Thug Life motherf***er I lick shots
Every n**** on my block dropped two cops
Dear Lord can ya hear me, when I die
Let a n**** be strapped, f***ed up, and high
With my hands on the trigger, Thug n****
Stressin' like a motherf***in' drug dealer
And even in the darkest nights, I'm a Thug for Life
I got the heart to fight now
Mama raised a hellrazor why cry
That's just life in the ghetto, do or die

Hahah! Yeah nigga fuck that gin & juice (Hennessy)
Just Pour a nigga a glass
Hennessey, that dark shit (That's right)
That's right

Ay pour me some of that too baby

They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

(That's what you sippin on, now what's your name nigga?)
Big ballin' ass nigga named 'Pac

Now I was born in the gutter facin life or death
I was a thug ever since my mama gave me breath
These motherfuckers wanna see me die, so who am I
To try to warn 'em, I buck and bomb 'em, them niggas fry
Hey, remember me? Down that Hennessy
The nigga you don't wanna see, let me proceed
My definition of some thug shit, y'all don't hear me
Now that it's poppin ain't no love bitch
I maintain in the game in the gutter's where I still kick it
I'm trying to hustle up a meal ticket
I'm still wicked in my ways, a hustler 'til my dying days
Ain't nuttin wrong with gettin paid, so nigga blaze
Cause we some motherfuckin fools
Walkin through the streets wearing jewels, breakin niggas makin moves
Even the cops can't stop us, my enemies flip
When they see me drink a fifth of that Hennessy

They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

(That's what I'm sippin on, now let me tell 'em who I be)
Big ballin' ass nigga named Trice

Now I was born in Detroit on the side that's West
Troubled child comin up I had to ride I guess
Tried to apply myself, them niggas was ballin
My mama couldn't tell me shit, the streets was callin
I was often involved with niggas breakin the law
I look back, 'Pac nigga, we was bankin off raw
P-Funk got it pumpin, he had the connects
Threw the sack to his lil' niggas workin the set
And if you got it you gettin wet, nigga bet on that
Don't come around hurr on that floss shit
Detroit niggas off shit
(Robbin niggas in the do'ways) That's right
(With my four-four, that's the sure way)
And this your road days, All Eyez on Me
We was looney I suppose, you could (die homie)
O. Trice always rep his block
Pass the Henn and that ice
I'm on a track with 'Pac nigga

They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(Yo what's our motherfuckin motto nigga?)
Hennessy
They wanna knows my role model, it's in a brown bottle
(You know our motherfuckin motto)
Hennessy
Hahaha, y'all niggas can't fuck with this ol' thug shit
Hennessy

Yeah, ay 'Pac, 'Pac, nigga Detroit love you boy
You put it down out here, I mean, y'know
Me and my family, my friends, nigga we ride for you always
2Pacalypse Now 'til infinity boy, forever
Shady Records, Afeni Shakur, whattup? Yeah
Obie Trice, pour out a lil' liquor nigga

High 'Til I Die 
Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 
Til my casket drop 

I'm High 'Til I Die 
Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 
Til my casket drop 

I'm High 'Til I Die 
Loced 'Til they smoke me 
Shit don't stop 
The shit don't stop 

Game rules 
Ain't got time for fools 
Money on my mind 
So my nine rules 

Time to make wieght 
Niggas gettin' crazy paid 
Hate bitches for the games they play 
So nigga 

Pull quick 
But better be quicker 
Than the next mutha fucka 
On the trigger 

Cause I'm static 
Startin' to be a fuckin' habit 
Gotta keep my automatic 
Or get my ass kicked 

When I'm travelin' 
It's kind of puffin' 
I drive a bucket 
Little Thug Life nigga 

Screaming Fuck It 
I love to throw my middle finger to the police 
And no bucks, no justice, no peace 
I'm smoking blunts 'til I pass out 

[coughing] 
Yah nigga getting assed out 
Rollin' and my niggas 
Glass out 
Drving fast 

Talking to bitches 
Whipping cash out 
I'm with my niggas 
So fuck the suckas 

I'm bucking brothas 
Smokin' chronic mutha fuckas 
Causing ruckus 
It's the last of the drank 

Pull over 
Can't hear a damn thang 
Sober 
High 'Til I Die 

Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 
Til my casket drop 
I'm High 'Til I Die 

Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 
Til my casket drop 
High 'Til I Die 

Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 
Til my casket drop 
I'm High 'Til I Die 

Loced 'Til they smoke me 
Shit don't stop 
The shit don't stop 
Lord help me save me 

Mama keep praying for a young mutha fucker 
Trying to duck an early grave 
In the city where you can't tell the fakes 
From the snakes 

Enemies from phonies 
Friends from your homies 
Around the corner there's another nigga waiting to jack 
He don't know I got a glock 

Till his ass get shot 
Like a mutha fuckin' Thug disease 
Claiming Peace 
Like they mutha fuckin' trustin' me 

Hey, what's up with bitches trying to screw me 
Do me cause I did a movie 
Throw the pussy to me 
But before they never knew me 

Rather die then let yah 
Play me for like a Busta 
And with my glock 
I'm a plotin' ass rotten mutha fucka 

Hey don't let that movie fool yah 
Let me school yah 
Screaming Thug Life nigga 
When I do yah 

It's the last of the drank 
Pull over 
Can't hear a damn thang 
Sober 

High 'Til I Die 
Loced 'Til they smoke me 
The Shit don't stop 

Til my casket drop

I don't need Dom Perignon, I don't need Cris
Tanqueray and Alize, I don't need s***
N****, I'm high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I stay high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Give me some dro, purple haze and some chocolate
Give me a dutch and a lighter, I'll spark s***
And stay high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I'm high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Everytime I roll up, n****s holla roll up and I tell 'em hold up
You ain't gettin' money, you ain't smoking
In my Benzo, 20 inch Lorenzos, smoking on indo
High as a motherf***er
I be on them backstreets, n****s know I clap heat
Only if you got beef, man you better holla at me
N****s get locked up, stabbed up, shot up
Everytime I pop up, a lot going on in my hood

I shoot the dice, I holler get 'em girls
Daddy need new shoes, daddy need Perelli's
They look mean on 22's
Stash box, Xbox, laptop, fax machine, phone
Bulletproof this b**** and I'm gone
2003 Suburban swerving, too many sips of Henny
The D's sick, they searched the whip and they can't find the semis
They was just hara**ing me 'cause they know who I was
Spent the night in Central Booking for smoking some bud

I don't need Dom Perignon, I don't need Cris
Tanqueray and Alize, I don't need s***
N****, I'm high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I stay high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Give me some dro, purple haze and some chocolate
Give me a dutch and a lighter, I'll spark s***
And stay high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I'm high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Now if you heard I done started some s***
It ain't because I be high, I be high, I be high
And if you heard I done let off a clip
It ain't because I be high, I be high, I be high
But I- twist that la, la, la, la

I get high as I wanna n****
Go against me, fa sho, you's a goner n****
I don't smoke to calm my nerves but I got beef
Finna crush my enemies like I crush the hashish
If you love me, tell me you love me, don't stare at me man
I'd hate to be in the Benz clapping one of my fans

Let me show you how to greet me
When you meet me, when you see me
If you real my n****, you know how to holla 'G-Unit'
There's no competition, it's just me
50 Cent, motherf***er, I'm hot on these streets
If David could go against, Goliath with a stone
I can go at Nas and Jigga, both for the throne

I don't need Dom Perignon, I don't need Cris
Tanqueray and Alize, I don't need s***
N****, I'm high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I stay high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Give me some dro, purple haze and some chocolate
Give me a dutch and a lighter, I'll spark s***
And stay high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I'm high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Now who you know besides me who write lines and squeeze nines
And have hoes in the hood sniffin' on white lines
You don't want me to be your kid's role model
I'll teach them how to buck them 380's and load up them hollows
Have shorty fresh off the stoop, ready to shoot
Big blunt in his mouth, deuce deuce in his boot
Sit in the crib, sippin' Guinness, watching Menace
Then Oh Lord, have a young n**** bucking s*** like he O-Dog

My team, they depend on me when it's crunch time
I eat a n**** food in broad day like it's lunchtime
You feeling brave n****, go ahead get gully
See if I won't leave your brains leaking up out your skully
I done made myself hot, so ain't s*** you can tell me
Now n****s calling me to feature, man f*** your money
I ain't hurting, am I, n****, I'm doing good
I ain't got to write rhymes, I got bricks in the hood

I don't need Dom Perignon, I don't need Cris
Tanqueray and Alize, I don't need s***
N****, I'm high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I stay high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

Give me some dro, purple haze and some chocolate
Give me a dutch and a lighter, I'll spark s***
And stay high all the time, I smoke that good s***
I'm high all the time, man I'm on some hood s***

G-Unit, are you ready?
G-Unit, are you ready?
G-Unit, are you ready?

N****, ready or not
Here I come, come, come

I speak
For all my niggas livin' in the rush
Slow it down just a notch baby
It's goin' be alright, it's goin' be alright

Life in High Speed
Fuck the punishment, tie weed
I gonna buy me a gun
Fuck doin' time

I live life High Speed
Slightly disillusioned by weed
I breed thug muthafuckas even worse than me
When I bleed, my enemies best to flee quickly, on me
My army, niggas deceive swiftly
Look at you now, why you want to hang out?
I pull the hammer back
Strike wit' a cannon and blow your muthafuckin' back out
They blast but I'm still standin'
Slightly scarred deep
Questions for the lord, why he don't like me, guard my soul
Though my life was hard with no remorse
I absorb bomb less it's without protection for the boss
Rollin' in my double, raw, rugged, and ruthless
Keep a vest through these hard times, knowin' it's useless
And my crew, who could should be mistaken for Jews
We all about our past, blast if he break the rules
Fools done snitched for the D.A., be heaven sent
Switched like a stone-bitch, turned str8 severed then, why?
Then they wonder why niggas die
Put your family in danger just to get high
Now, what the hell can we get from jail?
More tricks for the crime rate, this is hell
Bail out, a thug nigga fresh out the jail house
Open your safe count and take all your mail out
Whatever happens happens
Whoever falls dies
We fresh out of time, livin' blind, so we all ride
In times like these, chronic and tie weed
Puffin' through these High Speedz
And people say

Whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna buy me a g

I ain't got no motherfuckin friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucker
(Take money) West side, Bad Boy killers (take money)
You know who the realest is niggaz we bring it to you (take money)
(Take money)

First off, fuck your bitch and the click you claim
Westside when we ride come equipped with game
You claim to be a player but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boy niggaz fucked for life
Plus Puffy tryin' to see me weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. Some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for yo' jewels
Steady gunnin, keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Ceaser, go ask ya homie how I leave ya
Cut your young ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace
I let them niggaz know it's on for life
So let the Westside ride tonight
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck wit' me and get yo' caps peeled, you know, see

Grab ya glocks, when you see Tupac
Call the cops, when you see Tupac, uh
Who shot me, but ya punks didn't finish
Now ya 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit em' up

Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is (take money)
I don't even know why I'm on this track (take money)
Y'all niggaz ain't even on my level
I'mma let my little homies ride on you (take money)
Bitch made-ass bad boy bitches deal with it!

Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Moo, pass the MAC, and let me hit him in his back
Frank White need to get spanked right, for settin' traps
Little accident murderers, and I ain't never heard-a ya
Poisinous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank, 'cause I'mma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin through nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. In front of you nigga
With the ready power tuckin' my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Ya clout petty sour, I get packages every hour to hit 'em up

Grab ya glocks, when you see Tupac
Call the cops, when you see Tupac, uh
Who shot me, but ya punks didn't finish
Now ya 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit em' up

Peep how we do it, keep it real, it's penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggaz gettin' killed with ya mouths open
Tryin' to come up offa me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin' dope it's like a sherm high niggaz think they learned to fly
But they burn motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' 'bout you gettin' money but it's funny to me
All you niggaz livin' bummy why you fuckin' with me?
I'm a self made millionaire
Thug livin' out a prison, pistols in the air
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm 'bout to set the record straight
With my AK I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up

I'm from N-E-W Jers'
Where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario
Little Ceas' I'll bring you fake G's to your knees
Copping pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click looting, shooting and polluting your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique moving up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
And all your fake ass East coast props
Brainstormed and locked

You's a, beat biter
A Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alize with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I Amin approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke. We ain't no motherfucking joke
Thug Life, niggas better be known
Be approaching in the wide open, gun smoking
No need for hoping, it's a battle lost
I got em crossed as soon as the funk is bopping off
Nigga, I hit 'em up!

Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run
They don't wanna see us (take money)
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. Clique
Dressing up trying to be us (take money)
How the fuck they gonna be the mob when we always on our job? (Take money)
We millionaires
Killing ain't fair but somebody got to do it (take money)
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep (take money) you wanna fuck with us
You little young-ass motherfuckers (take money)
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or something (take money)
You fucking with me, nigga you fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack (take money)
You better back the fuck up before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that want to bring it, bring it
But we ain't singing, we bringing drama
Fuck you and your motherfucking mama
We're gonna kill all you motherfuckers
Now when I came out, I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth with a motherfucking opinion
Well this is how we gonna do this
Fuck Mobb Deep, fuck Biggie
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label and as a motherfucking crew
And if you want to be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too
Chino XL, fuck you too
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too (take money, take money)
All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow, motherfucker
My .44 make sure all y'all kids don't grow
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life-riders, Westside 'til we die
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers. We do our job
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob
Ain't nothing but killers and the real niggas
All you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
(Take money)
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got
Guns under they motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is, when we drop records they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy-killers

I ain't got no motherfuckin friends
That's why I fucked yo' bitch, you fat motherfucker
(Take money) West side, Bad Boy killers (take money)
You know who the realest is niggaz we bring it to you (take money)
(Take money)

First off, fuck your bitch and the click you claim
Westside when we ride come equipped with game
You claim to be a player but I fucked your wife
We bust on Bad Boy niggaz fucked for life
Plus Puffy tryin' ta see me weak hearts I rip
Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. Some mark-ass bitches
We keep on comin' while we runnin' for yo' jewels
Steady gunnin, keep on bustin at them fools, you know the rules
Lil' Ceaser, go ask ya homie how I leave ya
Cut your young ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased
Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's
Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace
I let them niggaz know it's on for life
So let the Westside ride tonight
Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck wit' me and get yo' caps peeled, you know, see

Grab ya glocks, when you see Tupac
Call the cops, when you see Tupac, uh
Who shot me, but ya punks didn't finish
Now ya bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit em' up

Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is (take money)
I don't even know why I'm on this track (take money)
Y'all niggaz ain't even on my level
I'ma let my little homies ride on you (take money)
Bitch made-ass bad boy bitches deal with it!

Get out the way yo, get out the way yo
Biggie Smalls just got dropped
Little Moo, pass the mac, and let me hit him in his back
Frank White need to get spanked right, for settin' traps
Little accident murderers, and I ain't never heard-a ya
Poisinous gats attack when I'm servin' ya
Spank ya shank ya whole style when I gank
Guard your rank, 'cause I'ma slam your ass in the paint
Puffy weaker than the fuckin' block I'm runnin through nigga
And I'm smokin' Junior M.A.F.I.A. In front of you nigga
With the ready power tuckin' my Guess under my Eddie Bauer
Ya clout petty sour, I get packages every hour to hit 'em up

Grab ya glocks, when you see Tupac
Call the cops, when you see Tupac, uh
Who shot me, but ya punks didn't finish
Now ya bout to feel the wrath of a menace
Nigga, I hit em' up

Peep how we do it, keep it real, it's penitentiary steel
This ain't no freestyle battle
All you niggaz gettin killed with ya mouths open
Tryin' to come up offa me, you in the clouds hopin'
Smokin dope it's like a sherm high niggaz think they learned to fly
But they burn motherfucker, you deserve to die
Talkin' bout you gettin' money but it's funny to me
All you niggaz livin' bummy why you fuckin' with me?
I'm a self made millionaire
Thug livin' out a prison, pistols in the air
Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch
And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house
Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style
Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled
Now I'm bout to set the record straight
With my AK I'm still the thug that you love to hate
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up

I'm from N-E-W Jers'
Where plenty of murders occurs
No points or commas, we bring drama to all you herbs
Now go check the scenario
Little Ceas' I'll bring you fake G's to your knees
Copping pleas in de Janeiro
Little Kim, is you coked up or doped up?
Get your little Junior Whopper click smoked up
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I take money, crash and mash through Brooklyn
With my click looting, shooting and polluting your block
With a 15-shot cocked Glock to your knot
Outlaw MAFIA clique moving up another notch
And your pop stars popped and get mopped and dropped
And all your fake ass East coast props
Brainstormed and locked

You's a, beat biter
A Pac style taker
I'll tell you to your face you ain't shit but a faker
Softer than Alize with a chaser
About to get murdered for the paper
E.D.I Amin approach the scene of the caper
Like a loc, with Little Ceas' in a choke
Gun totin' smoke. We ain't no motherfucking joke
Thug Life, niggas better be known
Be approaching in the wide open, gun smoking
No need for hoping, it's a battle lost
I got em crossed as soon as the funk is bopping off
Nigga, I hit em up!

Now you tell me who won
I see them, they run
They don't wanna see us (take money)
Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. Clique
Dressing up trying to be us (take money)
How the fuck they gonna be the mob when we always on our job? (Take money)
We millionaires
Killing ain't fair but somebody got to do it (take money)
Oh yeah, Mobb Deep (take money) you wanna fuck with us
You little young-ass motherfuckers (take money)
Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or something (take money)
You're fucking with me, nigga you fuck around and catch a seizure or a heart attack (take money)
You better back the fuck up before you get smacked the fuck up
This is how we do it on our side
Any of you niggas from New York that want to bring it, bring it
But we ain't singing, we bringing drama
Fuck you and your motherfucking mama
We're gonna kill all you motherfuckers
Now when I came out, I told you it was just about Biggie
Then everybody had to open their mouth with a motherfucking opinion
Well this is how we gonna do this
Fuck Mobb Deep, fuck Biggie
Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label and as a motherfucking crew
And if you want to be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too
Chino XL, fuck you too
All you motherfuckers, fuck you too (take money, take money)
All of y'all mother fuckers, fuck you, die slow, motherfucker
My .44 make sure all y'all kids don't grow
You motherfuckers can't be us or see us
We motherfuckin' Thug Life-riders, Westside 'til we die
Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya
We'll bomb on you motherfuckers. We do our job
You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob
Ain't nothing but killers and the real niggas
All you motherfuckers feel us
Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple
(Take money)
You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got
Guns under they motherfuckin' belts
You know how it is, when we drop records they felt
You niggas can't feel it, we the realest
Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy-killers

Hold on
Yeah it's gonna be alright, don't trip baby
It'll get better

Ay do this Thug style main, Thug style
When this whole beat drop we just gon' run it to em bet
It's all good, uhh

I never had much, ran with a bad bunch
Little skinny kid sneakin weed in my bag lunch
And all through Junior High, we was just gettin by
And drivebys robbed my homies of their young lives
I never did cry, and even though I had
pain in my heart, I was hopeless from the start 
They couldn't tell me nothin, they all tried to help to help me
The marijuana had my mind gone it wasn't healthy
I travelled places, caught cases, what a ill year
I felt the pain and the rain but I'm still here
Never did like the police, let the whole world know
Now I gets no peace, cause they chasin me down
And facin me now, what do I do?
These thangs that a Thug goes through
And still I rise so keep ya head up, and make ya mind strong 
It's a struggle every day but you gotta hold on

Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

There's, never a good day, cause in my hood they
let they AK's pump strays where the kids play
And every Halloween, check out the murder scene
Can't help but duplicate the violence seen on the screen
My homies dyin 'fore they get to see they birthdays
These is the worst days, sometimes it hurts to pray
And even God turned his back on the ghetto youth
I know that ain't the truth, sometimes I look for proof
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto, and if it does
Does it matter if you blood or you cuz
Remember how it was, the picnics and the parties in the projects
Small time drinkin gettin high with them armies
Just another knucklehead kid from the gutter
I'm dealin with the madness, raised by a single mother
I'm tryin to tell you when it's on
You gotta keep your head to the sky and be strong, most of all hold on

Hold on, be strong, hold on
Be strong, hold on
When it's on it's on

Hold on, be strong
I know them ain't tears comin down your face
When it's on it's on but
Wipe your eyes
Hold on, be strong
In this world
When it's on it's on but
Only the strong survive y'know
Hold on, be strong
Hmm, I know it's hard out there
When it's on it's on but
Welfare
Hold on, be strong
AIDS, earthquakes
Cause when it's on it's on but
Muggings, carjackings
Hold on, and be strong
Yeah we got problems
'Cause when it's on it's on but
But believe me when I tell you
Hold on, and be strong
Things always get better
Cause when it's on it's on but
God don't like ugly
Hold on, and be strong
And God don't like no quitters
Cause when it's on it's on but
You know what Billie Holiday said bay-bee
Hold on, and be strong
God bless the child that can hold his own
'Cause when it's on it's on but
Y'know?
 Hold on, and be strong
You got to stand strong
Cause when it's on it's on but
And when these bustas try to knock you out your place
Hold on, and be strong
You stand there to they face
Cause when it's on it's on but
Tell em hold on, and be strong
Hold on, and be strong
The game don't stop
'Cause when it's on it's on but
Hmmm
Hold on, and be strong
This here is black main
Cause when it's on it's on but
If you don't never leave nothin, learn one thing
Hold on, and be strong
It don't stop, til the casket drop
Hold on
Thug, for life feel me?
All my homeboys and my homegirls, stay strong
When things get bad, especially come the first and the fifteenth
Stay strong, and stay ballin, hold on
I'll catch y'all at the next life, we in traffic

Niggas out there jealous 'cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
But they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through the neighborhood, yeah
With that funky sound so funky
We be throwin' down

This goes out to you playa
You know you know who you are

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

Gotta be careful, can't let tha evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

Are you confused?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside the shoes
Of a nigga who don't have a thing to loose
When me and you was homies
No one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a niggas dreams
How could you do me like that?
I took your family in
I put some cash in your pocket
Made you a man again
And now you let the fear put your ass in a place
Complicated to escape, it's a fools fate
Without your word, you're a shell of a man
I lost respect for you nigga
We can never be friends
I know I'm runnin' through your head now
What could you do, if it was up to you
I'd be dead now
I let the world know nigga you a coward
You could never be live until you die
See the mothafuckin' bitch in your eye
Type of Nigga, that let the evil of the money trap me
When you see me nigga
You better holla at me (holla at me)
Can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

So I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga, you better holla at me

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

Curious spittin' lyrics, on the verge of furious
I'm addicted to currency, nigga that's why we're doin' this, I got set up
I surprised the niggas the way I got up and then
I hit the studio it's time to blow the block up
No hesitation this information got you contemplatin'
Heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
Break him and let him see the face of a mental patient it's a celebration
Of my criminal elevation, more participation
I want members across the fifty states
We keep the nation anticipatin' until we break
Will I be great, is it my fate ?
To live the life of luxury, some niggas bought my tapes
So much jealousy it scares me
So be prepared 'cause only the strong survive
Life isn't fair (fair)
Probably never knew the way it feels to die
So you figure fuck with me, I give that ass a try
Nigga, holla at me

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

Now I gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

I shoulda saw the signs, I was blinded
Criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
So many brothers framed in this dirty game
It's a shame, so much pressure on my brain, while she blame me
Secrets in the dark, only her and I know
Now I'm sittin' in the state pen, doin' time slow
Guess she made a bad decision, that got me livin'
Just like an animal, I'm caged up in state prison
My niggas dissin' 'cause
Hell have no fury like a woman scorn
A cemetery full of motherfuckers got not knowin'
Picture my prophecy the cops are attacking me, on top of me
I'm runnin' from the coppers, but never let'em stop me 'cause I'm a soldier
Hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid, trust a no no
Love is a mystery, fuck the po po

Holla at me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

A nigga gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

Niggas out there jealous 'cause we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
But they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through the neighborhood
Yeah
With that funky sound (so funky)
We be throwin' down

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay

Gotta be careful, can't let the evil of the money trap me
So when you see me nigga
You better holla at me

You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay, oh oh

Oh! Oh no no no

Aw yeah, uh, uh
Holla if ya hear me, yeah!

Here we go, turn it up, let's start
From block to block we snatchin' hearts and jackin' marks
And the punk police can't fade me, and maybe
We can have peace someday G
But right now I got my mind set up
Lookin' down the barrel of my nine, get up
'Cause it's time to make the payback fat
To my brothers on the block better stay strapped, black
And accept no substitutes
I bring truth to the youth tear the roof off the whole school
Oh no, I won't turn the other cheek
In case ya can't see us while we burn the other week
Now we got him in a smash, blast
How long will it last 'til the po' gettin mo' cash
Until then, raise up!
Tell my young black males, blaze up!
Life's a mess don't stress, test
I'm givin' but be thankful that you're livin', blessed
Much love to my brothers in the pen
See ya when they free ya if not when they shut me in
Once again it's an all out scrap
Keep your hands on ya gat, and now ya boys watch ya back
'Cause in the alleys out in Cali I'mma tell ya
Mess with the best and the vest couldn't help ya
Scream, if ya feel me; see it clearly?
You're too near me 

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"

Pump ya fists like this
Holla if ya hear me, pump! Pump! if you're pissed
To the sell-outs, livin' it up
One way or another you'll be givin' it up, huh
I guess cause I'm black born
I'm supposed to say peace, sing songs, and get capped on
But it's time for a new plan, BAM!
I'll be swingin' like a one man, clan
Here we go, turn it up, don't stop
To my homies on the block gettin dropped by cops
I'm still around for ya
Keepin' my sound underground for ya
And I'ma throw a change up
Quayle, like you never brought my name up
Now my homies in the backstreets, the Blackstreets
They feel me when they rollin' in they fat jeeps
This ain't just a rap song, a black song
Tellin' all my brothers, get they strap on
And look for me in the struggle
Hustlin' 'til other brothers bubble

Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!

Will I quit, will I quit?
They claim that I'm violent, but still I keep
Representin', never give up, on a good thing
Wouldn't stop it if we could it's a hood thing
And now I'm like a major threat
'Cause I remind you of the things you were made to forget
Bring the noise, to all my boyz
Know the real from the bustas and the decoys
And if ya hustle like a real G
Pump ya fists if ya feel me, holla if ya hear me
Learn to survive in the nine-tre'
I make rhyme pay, others make crime pay
Whatever it takes to live and stand
'Cause nobody else'll give a damn
So we live like caged beasts
Waitin' for the day to let the rage free
Still me, till they kill me
I love it when they fear me 

Holla if ya hear me!
"Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"
Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"

You're too near me, to see it clearly

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel"
"Tellin' you to hear it"

"Hard! Tellin' you to hear it, the rebel" 
"Tellin' you to hear it"

"Hard! The rebel"
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Holla if ya hear me!
"Hard! The rebel"

Oh shit, caught that nigga alone
Ain't that a bitch
Hey, uh, this one here is, uh
For them niggas that be Johnny Dangerous

When they be fuckin' fifty deep
But they be fuckin' cowards when they by they selves
You know who I'm talkin' about
(You know who I'm talkin' about)

That's right, you ain't shit without your homeboyz
You ain't shit without your homeboyz
You ain't shit without your homeboyz

Now, now every time I see you cats is rollin' in packs
For the life of me I cannot see why you don't know how to act
Love to clown when you deep, but when you on that solo creep
Out on the streets you don't hear a peep

Nigga it's a goddamn shame, somebody explain
Why they sent a Bad Boy to play a grown man's game
Tear that ass out the frame, completely get that ass kicked
Woke up on the street but you'll be sleepin' in the casket

How long will it last, nigga don't ask, just be first to blast
Outlaw on the mash tryin' to be the first to see some cash
My shit's classic, like my nigga Nate, go get the tape
We keep the nation anticipatin' until we break

Money made me evil, court cases got me stressed
Niggas aimin' at my head but I still wear my vest
I don't give a fuck motherfuckers I'm LOC
They all duckin' when my gun smoke
'Cause you ain't shit without your homeboyz

You probably run at the sound of funk
I give a fuck, you niggas is punks
Without your homeboyz
You be the first to reach in your trunk
You scary niggas is punks

You ain't shit without your homeboyz
Nigga, punk ass motherfucker
You ain't shit without your homeboyz
Throw your hands up
You little trick, coward motherfucker

Like Yak said, ?How the fuck you gonna shoot me rocks
When you got the Outlaw 'Pac shittin' ya box?
You was lookin' real weak walkin' down the street
Now a nigga thirty deep, oh you wanna beef

Talk cheap, shoot a nigga the fair one
Your homies like fuck it
What's this you the only scared one
(Fagot ass)

Damn son, close call I bet
Now down around the way you gets no respect
They like that Outlaw nigga played you out
We could have took it to the fifth

I would I have laid you out
Niggas be actin' all different
When they dogs come around
Watch 'em act like bitches
When Outlawz draw down

They all clown, better yet they all stunned
You the type to have a gun
And never blased it once
Get y'all banana split, you ain't Emmanuel

Outlawz you'll never forget
Makaveli the Don get a call y'all
Turnin' these streets into Vietnam
Where your homeboyz, homeboy?

You ain't shit without your homeboyz
My thug niggas, I love niggas
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
My homeboyz, the only thing a nigga got left

I love my niggas to death, we ain't shit without our homeboyz
You know what time it is
I ain't shit without my homeboyz
Hey, tell 'em the story how you came up, nigga

Now I was born alone
Took my first joint and I got high alone
Now I'm an Outlaw nigga, I never die alone
Me and my niggas is so close, it's complicated

One nigga smokin' and drinkin' and yet we all faded
My nigga Edi had a son we all happy
'Cause now that little ridah got to deal with eight daddies
My niggas cry, we all cry, and all ride

To rectify the problem, motherfuckers they all die
Been tryin' to make a million, by hustlin' since my adolescence
From crack dealin' to rap villain, my new profession
Who wanna see me at eight deep, fuck 3D
You coward ass motherfuckers'll never see me

Bustin' with automatic straps
My raw raps like good crack
Niggas fiendin', I got 'em comin' back
Until I die, they label me as a ridah
Forever, my niggas be together

Ain't shit without your homeboyz
Thug niggas, I love niggas
From small time crooks to big-time drug dealers
Without your homeboyz

The only thing a nigga got left
I love my niggas to death
We ain't shit without our homeboyz
(Without our homeboyz)

Love my niggas to death
We ain't shit without our homeboyz
Love you niggas to death

Ghetto niggas remain violent while the killers remain silent
Niggas strapped with 45's and ain't smiling
And I'm driving to a place they're all warrin'
The lake we build houses but it's the hood we call home
In the ghetto the only place a motherfucker will keep it real
We focused on the dollar bill, still
The outsiders tend to disrespect the place
Where niggas do their struggling die with a straight face
Surviving, under conditions demons dinin'
You can run it but can't hide it so step aside
Its the nigga that makes music for the streets
Cause I love this motherfucker like pussy with no sheets,
Cause it's deep
Some niggas make it out the neighborhood and won't surface
And let the money make them nervous, what's the purpose?
A motherfucker sitting on fat
He came up in the hood but he can't come back
Fuck that, I remain in the street game frame
On a mission to maintain me and take aim
In position to let my opposition know my life
Cause off in these streets I keep it real but what's right?
Surviving, sitting on a key doing business on a beeper
I'm sinking in this motherfucker deeper
Fear the reaper that no man born or woman harm me
Fuck being a nigga in your army; though I'm a killer
Enter the ghetto so that you can see
What I mean when I say I love this cause it love me
Let it be, stop looking at this motherfucker strange
And talking 'bout a motherfucking change
This is for my thug niggas

[Chorus; x6]
This is for my homies and my thug niggas 

'face, picture us working at McDonald's
And me and you selling fucking toasted up ?
Gold slug, a car full of thug niggas
Twenty inch wheels candy paint so we drug dealers
No limit soldiers to the fullest
See I was raised on some red beans the size of some bullets, huh
We ghetto niggas can't be stopped
Got me mixing up dope with little j down at rap-a-lot
My phone tapped the feds on my tail
Got me paying luxury taxes on everything I build
True to the ghetto that's my life
You see that house on the lake it's for the kids and the wife
You can test me if you wanna
Cause I be dumping niggas off from New Orleans to California
Rowdy like a hurricane
Independent, black owned got them hooked on this cocaine
You used to see c in a suit and tie
But we young niggas in tennis shoes and diamonds
Executive street millionaires
Niggas gonna be bout it bout till we gray in the wheel chair

[Chorus: x6]

What do you get from boosting?
Niggas coming out from California to represent them niggas from Houston
And now we rocking keep this shit popping
And all my niggas across the bay know l.a. keep the shit hot
I keep my glock inside my pants , don't give niggas a chance
To put me inside a casket you dirty bastards
Until the day I die you catch a nigga high off weed the police can't find me
My shit will drop and I'll sell five million
While all the niggas enter the game get caught up in drug dealing
How can I fall? how can I ball, how can I catch my enemies and murder them all?
My word of flame burn niggas inside their brain
Niggas can't hang with me, and like it changes, uh
Scarface got me on this shit
We laced it motherfuckers in their body and face, uh
Growing thicker, liquor made me daddy and nigga
Niggas don't wanna see me world wide mob figure
M.o.b. and the leaf keep me weeded
Them niggas don't wanna see me when I got weed in my system
Catch another victim, capture bodies
Bring a shottie to the fucking party, yeah
I party all night
I do this shit cause it's wrong but we were born right
And to the niggas in my zone we do it long ways
Till these bitches understand nigga my song pay; cause I'm the man
Now these are my homeboys, we outlaws till the day we die
Keep this shit rough and raw my 45
Make sure that I survive to another day
To bust rhymes which from I get paid
Now that's the end of my freestyle but it was left for dead
But the shit away you can hear it playing, west side

[Chorus: x8]

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Love the way you activate your hips and push your ass out
Got a nigga wantin' it so bad I'm bout to pass out
Wanna dig you, and I can't even lie about it
Baby just alleviate your clothes, time to fly up out it
Catch you at a club,
oh shit you got me fiendin' body talkin' shit to me but I can't comprehend the meaning
Now if you wanna roll with me, then here's your chance
Doin' eighty on the freeway, police catch me if you can
Forgive me I'm a rider, still I'm just a simple man
All I want is money, fuck the fame I'm a simple man
Mr. International, playa with the passport
Just like Aladdin bitch, get you anything you ask for
It's either him or me, champagne, Hennessey
A favorite of my homies when we floss, on our enemies
Witness as we creep to a low speed, peep what a hoe need
Puff some mo' weed, funk, ya don't need
Approachin' hoochies with a passion, been a long day
But I've been driven by attraction in a strong way
Your body is bangin' baby I love it when you flaunt it
Time to give it to daddy nigga now tell me how you want it (Tell me how you want it!)

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game I'm livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Tell me is it cool to fuck?
Did you think I come to talk am I a fool or what?
Positions on the floor it's like erotic, ironic  'cause I'm somewhat psychotic
I'm hittin' switches on bitches like I been fixed with hydraulics
Up and down like a roller coaster,
I'm up inside ya I ain't quittin' til the show is over,
'Cause I'ma rider in and out just like a robbery,
I'll probably be a freak and let you get on top of me,
Get her rockin' these
Nights full of Alize, a livin' legend
You ain't heard about these niggas play these Cali days
Delores Tucker, youse a motherfucker
Instead of tryin' to help a nigga you destroy a brother
Worse than the others, Bill Clinton, Mr. Bob Dole
You're too old to understand the way the game is told
You're lame so I gotta hit you with the hot facts
Want some on lease? I'm makin' millions, niggas top that
They wanna censor me; they'd rather see me in a cell
Livin' in hell, only a few of us'll live to tell
Now everybody talkin' bout us I could give a fuck I'd be the first one to bomb and cuss
Nigga tell me how you want it

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

Raised as a youth, tell the truth I got the scoop on how to get a bulletproof,
because I jumped from the roof before I was a teenager,
mobile phone, SkyPager game rules, I'm livin' major, my adversaries
Is lookin' worried, they paranoid of gettin' buried
One of us gon' see the cemetery
My only hope to survive if I wish to stay alive
Gettin' high, see the demons in my eyes, before I die
I wanna live my life and ball, make a couple million
And then I'm chillin' fade 'em all, these taxes
Got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin like they know me
Hahaha, but I'ma mash out, peel out
I'm with it quick I'se quick to whip that fuckin' steel out
Yeah nigga it's some new shit so better get up on it when ya see me tell a nigga how ya want it
How do you want it?

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real

How do you want it? How does it feel?
Comin' up as a nigga in the cash game livin' in the fast lane, I'm for real
How do you want it? How do you feel?

How long will they mourn me
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato
It's still on nigga
Thug Life, Thugs for life
Ha Ha yeah, how long will they mourn me
Yeah nigga
2Pac in this muthafucka

All my homies drinking liquor
Tears in everybody's eyes 
Niggas cried to mourn a homies homicide
But I can't cry 
instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckas back before your buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a 187 
do real niggas get to go to heaven ?
How long will they mourn me, bury me a muthafuckin 'G'
Bitch don't want to die 
then don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic 
When your homies lying dead on the pavement twisted
why'all don't hear me doe, I'm trying hard to make amends
But I'm losing all my muthafuckin friends (damn) 
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the muthafuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me ?

I wish it would have been another
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Got them niggas all dead and shit)
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Gotta keep this shit goin' on, Yo Syke)

How long will they mourn me
Every muthafuckin' day homie
You stayed down when tha other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigga you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
And goin' half on a muthafuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato ?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day 
ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me ?

I wish it would have been another
(Yo Kato)
How long will they mourn me
(It's still on nigga)
How long will they mourn my brother
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Rated are, Double Jeopardy, Mack 10)

Damn a nigga tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin while watching my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up
Reminiscing how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace
How long will they mourn me ?

Ya know life's a fuckin' trip
And everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy
It's fuckin' with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my mutahfuckin' birth
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone
How long will ya mourn me ?

Yeah!
I wish it would have been another
(Mack 10 in this muthafucka)
Yeah, how long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my bother
(Thug Life boy, Nate blowin' that shit, 
Nate Dogg do that shit nigga)
I wish it would have been another
Yeah! How long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my brother
(This for my nigga Kato and all his kids)
How long will ya mourn me
I wish it would have been another
How long will ya mourn my brother

Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggas to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nuttin but love for ya, do your thing boy

Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all, kna' mean?
'Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin' up shit out there, kickin' up dust
Givin' a motherfucker,
Yeah, niggas, mad at cha
'Cause I ain't mad at cha

Now we was once two niggas of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller but you still rolled
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
Member when you had a jheri curl didn't quite learn
On the block, witcha glock, trippin off sherm
Collect calls to the till, sayin' how ya changed
Oh you a Muslim now, no more dope game
Heard you might be comin' home, just got bail
Wanna go to the Mosque, don't wanna chase tail
I seems I lost my little homie he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin' is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin' large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulation on the weddin', I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshittin'
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd bomb!
On the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed, and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme, and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker bad
Go toe to toe when it's time for roll you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, 'cause I'm just laughin' at cha
You tryin' hard to maintain, then go head
'Cause I ain't mad at cha
(Hmm) (I ain't mad at cha)

I ain't, mad, at cha (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha

We used to be like distant cousins, fightin', playin' dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin', knowin', that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin' blitzed and I reminisce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin' n grindin' wasn't nothin' on our mind
In time we learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back, to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin the way the guns blow
And even though we separated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I be locked up state
I kiss my Mama goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, 'cause Mama I ain't happy here
I'm through trial, no more smiles, for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin' busters on they backs
In my cell, thinkin, "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin' at cha
'Cause youse a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha

I ain't, mad, at cha (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha (A true down ass bitch, afund I ain't mad at cha)

Well guess who's movin up, this nigga's ballin' now
Bitches be callin' to get it, hookers keep fallin' down
He went from nothin' to lots, ten carots to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big, man on the block
He's Mister local celebrity, addicted to move a key
Most hated by enemy, escape in the luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you why you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin' so high off that bomb hopin' we make it, to the better days
'Cause crime pays, and in time,
You'll find a rhyme'll blaze you'll feel the fire from the niggas in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Til God return me to my essence
'Cause even as a adolescents, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions, and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin' at cha
You niggas just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

I ain't, mad at cha (and I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't mad (hell nah I ain't mad at cha) at cha
I ain't, mad at cha (and I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha (I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha, no
I ain't mad at cha

I don't give a fuck
They done push me to the limit I'm all in
I might blow up any minute, did it again
Now I'm in the back of the paddy wagon
While this cops bragging about the nigga he's jacking
I see no justice
All I see is niggas dying fast
The sound of a gun blast
Then watch the hearse past
Just another day in the life 'G'
Gotta step lightly cause cops tried to snippe' me
The catch, they don't wanna stop at the brother man
But then they'll have an accident and pick up another man
I went to the bank to cash my check
I get more respect from the mother-fuckin' dope man
The Grammy's and the American music shows pimp us like hoes
They got dough but they hate us though
You better keep your mind on the real shit
And fuck trying to get with these crooked ass hypocrites
They way they see it, we was meant to be keep down
Just can't understand why we getting respect now
Mama told me they're be days like this
But I'm pissed cause it stays like this
And now they trying to send me off to Kuwait
Gimme a break
How much shit can a nigga take
I ain't goin' nowhere no how
What you wanna throw down
Better bring your guns pal
Cause this is the day we make 'em pay
Fuck bailin' hate I bail and spray with my A-K
And even if they shoot me down
There'll be another nigga bigger
From the mother-fuckin' underground
So step but you better step quick
Cause the clocks goin' tick and I'm sick of the bullshit
You're watching the makings of a physco-path
The truth didn't last
Before the wrath and aftermath
Who's that behind the trigger?
Who'd do your figure!?
A mother-fuckin' night nigga
Ready to buck and rip shit up
I had enough and I don't give a fuck

Niggas!, isn't just the blacks
Also a gang of mother-fuckers dressed in blue slacks
They say niggas hang in packs and their attitude is shitty
Tell me, who's the biggest gang of niggas in the city
They say niggas like to do niggas,
Throw me in the cuffs with just two niggas
A street walkin' nigga and a beat walkin' nigga with a badge
I had to shoot you and the pass for the blast take his cash
And bash his head in dump him at the dead in
And that's just his luck
'Cause a nigga like me
Don't really give a fuck

Walked in the store what's everybody staring at
They act like they never seen a mother fucker wearing black
Following a nigga and shit
Ain't this a bitch
All I wanted was some chips
I wanna take my business else where
But where?
'Cause who in the hell cares
About a black man with a black need
They wanna jack me like some kind of crack fiend
I wonder if knows that my income is more than
His pension, salary and then some
Your daughter is my number one fan
And your trife ass wife wants a life with a black man
So who's the mac in fact who's the black jack
Sit back and get fat off the fat cat
While he thinks that he's getting over
I bust a move as smooth as Casanova
And count another quick meal
I'm getting paid for my traid but its still real
And if you look between the lines you'll find a rhyme
AS strong as a fuckin' nine
Mail stacked up niggas wanna act up
Let's put the gats up and throw your backs up
But the cops getting dropped by the gun shot
Usta come but he's done, now we run the block
To my brothers stay strong keep your heads up
They know we fed up
But we they just don't give a fuck

They just don't give a fuck

I gotta give my fuck offs

Fuck you to the San Francisco police department
Fuck you to the Marin County Sheriff department
Fuck you to the F.B.I
Fuck you to the C.I.A
Fuck you to the B-u-s-h
Fuck you to the America
Fuck you to all you redneck prejudice mother fuckers
And fuck you
Fuck y'all
Punk gay sensitive little dick bastards
2pacalypse mother fuckin' know
Y'all can kiss my ass and suck my dick
And my uncle Tommy's balls
Fuck Y'all
Punks, punks, punks, punks, punks

Aw yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
Stronger than ever

Back to get wreck
All respect to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
'Cause oh they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why, your girl keeps paging me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Hey yo bust it, baby got a problem saying bye bye
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask why, don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's looking for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy
If you wanna see me dial the beeper number baby when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn, you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out, I get around

What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, hey yo Shock, let them hoes know

Now you can tell from my everyday fits, I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me, I get around

What's up love, how you doing? (All right)
Well I've been hanging singing, trying to do my thing
Oh, you heard that I was banging
Your home girl you went to school with, that's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know, that I get around

2Pacalypse Now don't stop for hoes, I get around
Why I ain't call you? Ha ha, please

Finger tips on the hips as I dip, gotta get a tight grip, don't slip
Loose lips sink ships, it's a trip
I love the way she licks her lips, see me jocking
Put a little twist in her hips cause I'm watching
Conversations on the phone til the break of dawn
Now we all alone, why the lights on?
Turn 'em off, time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Something's on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweating me?
It's a lot of real G's doing time
'Cause a groupy bit the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy baby if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
'Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clown, baby doll are you down?
I get around

Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go

Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go
Round and round, round we go

I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I was raised, the little young nigga doin' bad shit
Talk much shit, 'cause I never had shit
I could remember being whupped in class
And if I didn't pass, mama whupped my ass
Was it my fault, papa didn't plan it out
Broke out left me to be the man of the house
I couldn't take it, had to make a profit
Down the block, got a glock and I clock grips
Makin' G's was my mission
Movin' enough of this shit to get my mama out the kitchen
And why must I sock a fella,
Just to live large like Rockefeller
First you didn't give a fuck but you're learnin' now
If you don't respect the town then we'll burn you down
God damn it's a motherfuckin' riot
Black people only hate police so don't try it
If you're not from the town then don't pass through
'Cause some O.G. fools might blast you
It ain't right but it's long overdue
We can't have peace till the niggas get a piece too
I want G's so you label me a criminal
And if I die, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

Here on Earth, tell me what's a black life worth
A bottle of juice is no excuse, the truth hurts
And even when you take the shit
Move counties, get a lawyer, you can shake the shit
Ask Rodney, LaTasha, and many more
It's been goin' on for years, there's plenty more
When they ask me, when will the violence cease?
When your troops stop shootin' niggas down in the street
Niggas had enough time to make a difference
Bear witness, own our own business
Word to God, 'cause it's hard tryin' to make ends meet
First we couldn't afford shit now everything's free so we loot,
Please don't shoot when you see
I'm takin' from them 'cause for years they would take it from me
Now the tables have turned around
You didn't listen, until the niggas burned it down
And now Bush can't stop the hit
I predicted the shit, in 2Pacalypse
And for once I was down with niggas, felt good
In the hood bein' around the niggas, yeah
And for the first time everybody let go
And the streets was death row
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I see no changes, all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under, I wonder what it take to make this
One better place, let's erase the wait state
Take the evil out the people, they'll be acting right
'Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight
And only time we deal is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And though it seems Heaven-sent
We ain't ready to have a black President, huh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed and it's filled with blacks
I wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living, should I blast myself
I'm tired of being poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull a trigger, kill a nigga*, he's a hero
Mo' nigga, mo' nigga, mo' niggas
I'd rather be dead than a po' nigga
Let the Lord judge the criminals
If I die, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
And I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
Just think, if niggas decide to retaliate
Soldier in the house, I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto
I wonder if Heaven got a ghetto

Get money nigga
Yeah - aw yeah
Dedicate this one to all the hustlers
that get up every motherfuckin mornin and put they work in
I see you - I see you boy

I'm up before sunrise first to hit the block
Lil' bad motherfucker with a pocket full of rocks
Learned to throw them thangs, get my skinny lil' ass kicked
Niggaz laughed, til the first motherfucker got blas-ted
I put the nigga in his casket
and now they covering the bastard in plastic
I smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts
Tryin to make a million dollars out a quarter ounce
Gettin ghost on the five-oh, fuck them hoes
Got a forty-five screamin out surviv-al
Hey nigga can I lay low, cook some ya-yo
and holla five-oj when I say so
Don't wanna go to the pen, I'm hittin fences
NARC's on a nigga back missin me by inches
And they say how do you survive, weighin one-fifty-five
in the city where the little niggaz die
Tell mama don't cry, cause even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a real G

I'm gettin money
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 

Still on parole and I'm the first nigga servin
Pour some liquor on the curb, for my homies that deserve it
If I wanna make a million, gotta stay dealin
Kinda boomin round the way, think today I make a killin
Dressin down like I'm dirty, but only on the block
just a clever disguise, to keep me runnin from the cops
Gettin high I think I'll die if I don't get no ends
I'm in a bucket but I'm ridin it like it's a Benz
I hit the strip I let my music buck
drinkin liquor and I'm lookin for a bitch to fuck
Rather die makin money, than live poor and legal
as I slang another ounce, I wish it was a kilo
I need money in a major way
Time to fuck my girl, she gettin paid today, ha hah ha
I live Thug Life and let the money come to me
Cause they can never take the game from a young G

I'm gettin money
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 

Damned if I don't, and damned if a nigga do
Now watch a young motherfucker pull the trigger too
RAISE UP, and don't let them see ya cry
Dry your eyes, young nigga time for do or die
I pack a pistol in my pocket, ready on my Glock
Ain't no time for a nigga to even cock shit
I done seen a motherfucker peep pain
at point blank range cause he slept on the game
Ain't a damn thing changed, they shakin the dice
Now roll em if you can't stand pain better hold em
Cause ain't no tellin what ya might roll
You might fold catch AIDS from a slight cold
You better live ya life to the fullest
Be quick to kill a bull got a pistol motherfucker better pull it
And even if they kill me
They can never take the life of a young G

I'm gettin money
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money 
I'm gettin money

Straight out the motherfucking bay
Here we go

Lord help me, save me, Mama, keep praying
For a young motherfucker trying to duck an early grave
In the city where ya can't tell the snakes from the fakes
Fakes from the phonies, enemies of homies

Around the corner there's another nigga waiting to jack
He don't know I got a glock 'til his ass get shot
Like a motherfucking thug disease
Craving beats like they motherfucking drugs to me, hey

What's up with bitches trying to screw me?
Do me 'cause I did a movie
Throw the pussy to me but before they never knew me
Rather die than let ya play me for a buster

And with my glock
I'm a plotting ass rotten motherfucker, huh
Don't let the movie fool ya, let me school ya
Screaming, "Thug life", nigga when I do ya

I'm going crazy, getting dizzy
And then I suffocate a motherfucking breather
Bring me back
I'm telling ya, I'm losing it

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

I'm going crazy, niggas can't fade me
On the real, I kill when I step to ya fucking grill
So let me kick it, let me flip it, let me get wicked
I'm not a buster from the hood selling whooped tickets

I hang with G's, flipping keys and smoking weed
I get the cash and dash and never learn to read
So fuck a bitch, fuck a hoe and I let ya know
Because they come and go like the wind blows

What am I giving, how I'm living, what I'm giving up
You can take my life and I don't give a fuck
'Cause I'm the trouble, most coming from the west coast
Where the niggas is banging 'til the overdose

Killers and murderers, psychos and lunatics
Nobody knows what makes my mind click
Is it the demons screaming inside of me?
Hell no, it's just the thug life mentallity

I'm going crazy, shit don't phase me
I'm living like a thug 'til six niggas carry me
Death is on the trigga, so pull it
I can't take it no more, nigga, I'm losing it

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Shit was talking to me, my gat screamed fire
The bullet told me, shoot that motherfucker, he's a liar
I talked to my 3-80 like a bitch on a stroll
When my niggas try to dig me a whole of a?

Nigga, I can't be fucked in this game, I'm a psychopath
My AK told me to shove him up some niggas ass
I'm having long conversations with Mr. Millometer
He's one of my best friends, bitch ass nigga eater

And Miss Mossburg love it in the back trunk
You know that old school bitch, she like to get it funked
And splitting motherfuckers by the seams
My grand daddy Mr. are-15

But the evil motherfucker
Talked me into taking over a dope turf and shooting cluckers
Said he was my only family
Shoot straight and please don't jam me

Got in a fight at the club, my gat started talking
Told me to shut the fuck up and let him do the talking
I woke up and it was sick to see the guts hang
I'm going nuts man, shit was talking to me

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind
Said I'm losing my mind
Losing my mind

A coward dies a thousand deaths
A soldier dies but once

They say pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plotting on murdering motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Picturing pitiful punk niggas copping pleas
Puffin weed as I position myself to clock G's
My enemies scatter in suicidal situations
Never to witness the wicked shit that they was facing
Pockets is packed with presidents, pursue your riches
Evading the player hating tricks, while hitting switches
Bitches is bad-mouth, cause brawling motherfuckers is bold
But y'all some hoes, the game should be sewed
I'm sick of psychotic society somebody save me
Addicted to drama so even mama couldn't raise me
Even the preacher and all my teachers couldn't reach me
I run in the streets and puffin weed wit my peeps
I'm ducking the cop, I hit the weed as I'm clutching my glock
Niggas is hot when I hit the block, what if I die tonight

If I die tonight
If I die tonight
If I die tonight
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

Polishing pistols prepare for battle pass the pump
When I get to popping niggas is dropping then they done
Calling the coroner come collect the fucking corpse
He got it by killer, preoccupied with being boss
Revenge is the method, whenever stepping keep a weapon close
Adversaries are overdosed over deadly notes
Jealous niggas and broke bitches equal packed jails
Hit the block and fill your pockets making crack sales
Picture perfection pursuing paper with a passion
Visions of prisons for all the pussies that I blasted
Running with criminals individuals with no remorse
Try to stop me my pistol posse's using deadly force
In my brain all I can think about is fame
The police know my name, a different game, ain't a thing changed
I'm seeing cemetery photos of my peers
Conversatin' like they still here, if I die tonight

If I die tonight
If I die tonight
If I die tonight
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

Pussy and paper is poetry power and pistols
Plotting on murdering motherfuckers 'fore they get you
Pray to the heavens three-fifty-sevens to the sky
And I hope I'm forgiven for Thug Living when I die
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto for Thug niggas
A stress free life and a spot for drug dealers
Pissing while practicing how to pimp and be a player
Overdose of a dick, while drinking liquor when I lay her
Pistol whipping these simps, for being petrified and lame
Disrespecting the game, praying for punishment and pain
Going insane, never die, live eternal, who shall I fear?
Don't shed a tear for me nigga I ain't happy here
I hope they bury me and send me to my rest
Headlines reading murdered to death, my last breath
Take a look picture a crook on his last stand
Motherfuckers don't understand, if I die tonight

If I die tonight
If I die tonight
If I die tonight
Tonight's the night I get in some shit

like a mother-fuckin' Jew throws cash

Ever since you was a pee-wee, down by my knee with a wee-wee
We been coochie-coo all through school, you and me G
Back in the days we played practical jokes on
Everybody smoked with they locs and the yolks on
All through high school, girls by the dozens
Saying we cousins, knowing that we wasn't
But like the old saying goes
Times goes on, and everybody grows
Grew apart, had to part, went our own ways
You chose the dope game, my microphone pays
In many ways we were paid in the old days
So far away from the crazies with AK's
And though I been around clowning with the Underground
I'm still down with my homies from the hometown
And if you need, need anything at all
I drop it all for y'all, if my homies call

It's a shame, you chose the dope game
Now you slang cane on the streets with no name
It was plain that your aim was mo' cane
You got game now you run with no shame
I chose rappin' tracks to make stacks
In fact I travel the map with raps that spray cats
But now I don't wanna down my homie
No matter how low you go you're not lowly
And I, hear that you made a few enemies
But when you need a friend you can depend on me, call
If you need my assistance there'll be no resistance
I'll be there in an instant
Who am I to judge another brother, only on his cover
I'd be no different than the other
H-to-the-O-to-the-M-to-the-I-to-the-E
I'm down to the E-N-D
Cause it's a fall in no time at all
I'm down for y'all, when my homies call
Word, if my homies call

Well it's ninety-one and I'm living kinda swell now
But I hear that you're going through some hell pal
But life making records ain't easy
It ain't what I expected it's hectic it's sleazy
But I guess that the streets is harder
Trying to survive in the life of a young godfather
My homies is making it elsewhere
Striving, working nine to five with no health care
We both had dreams of being great
But his deferred, and blurred and changed in shaped
It's fate, it wasn't my choice to make
To be great, I'm giving it all it takes
Trying to shake, the crates and fakes and snakes
I gotta take, my place or fall from grace
The foolish way, the pace is quick and great
Smiling face, to hide the trace of hate
But my homie would never do me wrong
That's why I wrote this song, if you ever need me it's on
No matter who the foe they must fall
Us against them all I'm down to brawl if my homies call

[Intro]
[Providence] Ooooh Ooooh	[RasDaveed] Tell me I will be there
					 Tell me I will be there
					 Tell me I will be there
					 Tell me I will be there
					 Yeah....

[Verse 1] [Providence]
If there be pain
All you have to do is call on me
If there be pain (hmm hmmm)
All you have to do is call on me
To be with you (to be with you)
And before you hang up the phone
You will no longer be alone
Together we can never fall
Because our love will conquer all

[RasDaveed chants]
[Verse 2] [Providence]
If there be pain
Reach out for a helping hand
If there be pain
And I shall hold you wherever I am
Every breath I breathe will be into you
For without you here my joy is through
My life was lived through falling rain
So call on me if there be pain

[Outro] [Providence & RasDaveed El Harar]
If there be pain
Every breath I breathe will be into you
For without you here my joy is through
My life was lived through falling rain
So call on me if there be pain

If you need me
If you need me
Ooohh ooooh

[2Pac] Live in this muthafucker, Thug Pound Biotch 
Kurupt, Daz, Makaveli, Idi, Kastro, Hussein 
You know bitch the whole muthafuckin' clique. 
We gon' hit yo' ass up. You know where we comin' from 
Death Row BIOTCH hahaha Ay yo Kurupt 
You first to blast nigga and you know how we do it on 
The Westside nigga 
We ballers for real... 

[Kurupt] 
For real I got it bought you the blue steel 
Cowards hit the panic button 
Thinkin' that it was what it wadn't 
Shit's hectic the bomb Vietnam rhyme Don 
With the semi-auto fracture your torso to ya spine 
The back cracker smack you with 
My verbals & graphic grammar 
My verbal murder strech from Alaska to Alabama 
Get touched by my Arm & Hammer 
All across the planet niggas crumble like granite 
From Tahiti to the Mid-Atlantic 
Probable cause to get hit shit 
Niggas best get physically & mentally fit 
Show ya hoe I ignore for real & I can tell 
On the DL I got an Indecent Proposal for her (biotch) 
Mashin' in a Ford Explorer hell hound host the horror 
Escape from the Box Pandora somethin' for ya 
Get rocked by my midnight Glock 
Sniper through sound vocal rival to invade the block 
Fuckin' bitch paid the price of a snitch the 
?Nicki Scarful? comin' through the bus death 
Spreads through camps like ?Parvul? 
Young Gotti Kurupt & see with the dope & the green weed 
Indeed I'm out to get high & supply 
What you need Mr. Postman 
Comin' through with all the mail What you need? 
I got for sale on the stairwell to Hell 

[Fatal Hussein] 
I wake up sparkin' to get wild on the streets 
Barkin' & playas drinkin' kegs til y'all niggas beg Martin 
You labelled Paw nervous no I do this job dirty 
Donna Karan New York call it Fatal Dogg New Jersey 
Niggas ain't seen time I travel courts & dream crime 
My room like the million dollar bill folded with green blinds 
Chairs is a hundreds for shams I run that hole in quickies 
Dollar bills is 'intendos the windows is folded fifties 
Y'all old cops lost it drinkin' the scotch barfless 
I don't like movies so I hit up the Box Office 
You the softest I'm takin' ya honies they Telly pieces 
Wearin' my fuckin' dick around they neck like Kelly leashes 
My boys & me is poison we don't get along equal 
Fight each other like brothers it's all good we strong people 
More strain on the brain & the pain I deal with 
Ill with nasty niggas my whole crew on some real shit 
For real bitch the steel clique I bill with menaces 
Ya number one nemesis paragraphical like Genesis 

[2Pac] 
Stupid muthafuckas Outlaw Immortal Bitch 
Dogg Pound Thug Life you know how we Fuckin' do this shit! 
You stupid muthafuckas don't get me... 

Now take a look inside my mind 
That Pen' time made me rise but still I rise 
Cause my Ambitionz Az A Ridah like land mines 
Lyrics turn niggas into smithereens 
Music so lethal turn coliseums to murder scenes 
I'm Makaveli the Don is what they tell me 
I'm armed I'm droppin' niggas like bombs 
Get in that ass like a thong 
Picture a felon in ya presence 
Takin' bustas back to the Essence 
Tellin' my people peep my lethal message 
Visions of me gettin' money got me in mash mode 
Murderous motives for niggas stoppin' my cash flow 
You can't fight it nigga let go 
Witness the sound made ya bitch ass 
Bow down to Death Row 
Mama these niggas got me fightin' these 3 Strikes 
Showin' up in court fuck what you thought it's three nights 
I put the game down first put my niggas up on it 
Now we Amerikaz Most Wanted feel that 

[Kastro] 
Since my Only Fear of Death is Mama cryin' for help 
& OG Daddy want to ride when I know 
He ain't got shit else since I'm his only soldier 
Nobody else gonna roll for me & I know 
Without the Row & Immortal Outlaw (Ay K) 
I'll be forgotten for sho 
Plus this Thug Life it got me livin' 
Initiated playa hated without givin' a single fuck 
Why they dangling baby all on my nuts 
I be singling fingering bitches to fuck 

[2Pac] 
Bitches is wild niggas is lame 
I hung around with real niggas got exposed to the game 
Muthafuckas actin' crazy bustin' me in the jaw 
Initiated as an Outlaw hahahaha (yeah muthafucka) 

[Daz] 
Now a mission ain't a mission if nobody rides 
And a mission ain't a mission if nobody dies 
And a mission ain't complete if the enemy don't sleep 
Enemies rest in peace deceased fuckin' with me 
I got to 'complish a goal I'm out seekin' gold 
Expose the strap gotta let off the cousin rough & raw 
Never fell to my knees for shit cause I demand shit 
With this Daz Dillinger drillin' ya for ya shit 
On the streets for the sixth time in & out for the crime 
I rates crimes add up in food stamp dollars & dimes 
I'm slippin' slidin' fucked up nigga whuttup 
In the cut flossin' like a muthafucka whuttup 
Beside all being now tell me where ya comin' from 
That ain't where I see thangs & nigga what's the outcome 

[Idi Amin] 
For so many days & so many ways we been duckin' strays 
They delivers but still we some Bad Boy killers 
Hold the scrillas I dump in you niggas' livers 
Then watch ya body shiver & ya mama quiver 
From the way you just got lit up 
Hit up the Westside on my way out 
Y'all whole crew should've knew it was on 
From Makaveli's first day out now y'all gettin' played out 
& laid out for public display on this day 
Y'all niggas is historay cause the whole crew is bitch to me 
Listen to me Idi How many of y'all can see me? 
Cause I'll tack that ass like A's attack DC 
Believe me 'cause although now I'm just a young stolder 
I'm soon to be a gun holder Initiate to the clique 
With a left to my lip now the fight's over

Eternally Thug Nigga Hilfigger made by Tommy 
So when I speak hope to reach my ??? Mamis 
Or come to Papi I love it when its wet and sloppy
In and out the mouth piece 'till I cum no one can stop me
My bump and grind will do you everytime
Come get a blast of this Thug passion and blow your mind
Hey, throw up your legs, wrap those shits around my back
It's a WESTSIDE thing fuckin' hoes 'round the map
Walkin down 125 while I'm peepin out hotties
And they seduce my Jimmy I'll be screamin gimmie body
Make em all scream my name out gimmie my props and don't ya love how this Thug nigga beat up the cock
I'm at the 'Rican Parade I'm watchin Caramel bitches play 
Get wit' real niggas bullshittin never get you paid
This is the dream of a young black teen
I feed my hoes cross country like a greedy crack fiend. Now Come On!

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

Check it out Nipsey I pull it up to the club on one of the chrome things I'm crispy shinnin from my wrist to my gold chain
Anywhere I go I keep it hood I Never change
If it ain't got it in my lap I got it stashed in the range
*pow* *pow* I'm gettin bread on the rover private jet anywhere I tell him he'll fly to my respect have these girls sayin daddy I'll do anything you ask get it crackin when I slide through as God as my witness right hand on the bible and Tokyo hunny turned it up hotty got though I stroke for show now up in Atlanta at the strip club she thick 'cause took me to the slots where the crib was went full throttle got it crackin I ain't bashful from the kitchen to the counter top and the bath more flips more trips more stamps on my passport
Told her drop me at Horseville I'm International

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

(Oh... Young Dre the Truth, Makaveli, LT Hutton, Nipsey International)
Its mr hood national rider with a passport Just landed from Paris homie pick me up I'm at the airport with two bottles or more and a bottle of Puerto Rican Weed get somethin poppin 'cause tomorrow got course on course I'm ready to get it feel it goin down right now hop in the whip pop a bottle lit the blunt right now hit about a buck fifty seconds later at the party right now we celebratin Makaveli 2pacalypse Now escape through the front though they ??? tippy-toes cruisin' up get the door if you loose a chick let her go she done chose this over bro look around it's hard to feel dimes in high heels came form Japan, New York, to Cali to chill they choosin for real with no grill in my mental peep my swagger is tremendous make moves monumental it was me three mamis E-40 and Pac at the La Manz Round After Party it just don't stop

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

Hey Girl, I can tell you want it by the way you dancin on the floor
Hey Girl, I can look in your eyes and tell you want some more
Oh Girl, Don't worry about this better just keep doing what you do
Hey Girl, Girl tonight you can be international

At twelve twenty-five A.M., Wednesday, Tupac was on his way 
To a Times Square building to record at an the eighth floor studio with another rapper
But in the lobby Shakur was shot several times, including two graze wounds to the head
Tupac's lawyer said the attack appeared to be a set up

Against doctor's orders Tupac Shakur checked himself out of the hospital 
Less than twenty four hours after being shot five times
On the way to a Manhattan recording studio

Tupac Shakur secures one clean legal victory this year
As he's dismissed of assault charges brought against him
When he allegedly shot at two off duty Atlanta cops
On Halloween last year, the case was dismissed due to insufficient evidence

More controversy surrounding Tupac Shakur,
Meanwhile in Tupac news at about six forty-five tonight
Shakur may have lowered his own chances of surviving the attack
By checking himself out of the hospital that probably saved his life

Tupac Shakur checked into the Metropolitan hospital yesterday
Under an assumed name, his lawyer said that he had connections
But wouldn't say what kind, that could provide top notch security 
For the injured rap star

Shakur under went surgery today 
The shooting of Tupac Shakur here in New York City
Once again underscores the violence that has surrounded this man
Since he shot to super-stardom in the world of music and entertainment

I take a shot of Henessey now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of sess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggas on the, other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain
Arguments with my Boo is true
I spend mo' time with my niggas than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thing, that's the game
I'll be damned if a thing changed, fuck the fame
I'll be hustling to make a mill-ion, lord knows
Ain't no love for us ghetto children, so we cold
Rag top slowing down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass,
It ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinking Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama gotta mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressing like I'm hopeless, I can't cope
Me and the homies smoking roaches, cause we broke
Late night hanging out til the sunrise getting high
Watching the cops roll by
It ain't easy, that's right

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free

I can't sleep niggas plotting on to kill me while I'm dreaming
Wake up sweaty and screaming, cause I can hear them suckers scheming
Probably paranoid, problem is, them punks be fantasizing
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why this the way it is, even now
Looking out for these killer kids, cause they wild
Bill Clinton can you recognize a nigga representing
Doing twenty to life in San Quentin
Getting calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nothing nice
Yo 'Pac, do something righteous with ya life
And even thou you innocent you still a nigga, so they figure
Rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'm hold ya down and holla Thug Life, licking shots
Til I see my niggas free on the block
But no it ain't easy,
Til I see my niggas free, on the block, oh
It ain't easy

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free

Lately been reminiscing
Bout Peppermint Schnapps in Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while D-Boys slang rocks
It's the project kid without a conscience, I'm having dreams
Of hearing screams at my concerts, me all my childhood peers
Through the years trying to stack a little green
I was only seventeen, when I started serving fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dollar
So my apoli', cause these hard times make me wanna holler
Will I live to see tomorrow, am I falling off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say fuck all of y'all
Ain't nobody down with me I'm thugging, I can't go home
'Cause muh-fuckers think I'm bugging, so now I'm in
This high powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail, what
Do I do in these county blues
Getting battered and bruised by the you know who
And these fakes get to shaking when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sitting in this, living hell, listening to niggas yell
Trying to torture em to tell, I'm getting mail
But ain't nobody saying much, the same old nuts
Is making bucks while these sluts is getting fucked
They violated my probation, and it seems
I'll be going on a long vacation, meanwhile
It ain't easy
No it ain't easy

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free

Spice here's go them niggas yo 
Hit that shit hit that shit. 
We all niggas going down where the fuck ya all going down. 

Damn ain't this a bitch ya all got me fucked up 
On this ol' playa haten ass shit. 
Know what I'm sayin'? 
Understand me? 
When I was broke you all niggas didn't give a fuck 
If I was pissin' on myself or shittin' off tha Bay Bridge nigga. 
Now you in my mothafuckin' mix talkin' that ol' crazy shit, 
That's alright 'cause I'm gonna bust a cap in that ass. 
Me and Pac goin' let you know about 
That ol' playa haten ass shit though. 

Ya see these jealous muthafuckas
That be playin me G 
Like a sucka ass nigga see 
That ain't feeling me 
It ain't easy 
To kill a G 
A mothafuckin' playa 
From tha F, A, to tha see 
Back stabbers in tha mothafuckin' place 
Smilin' in my face 
I got my hand on my gun 
'cause they got me on tha run 
Spice mutha fucin' One 
I'm for leavin' bodies numb 
I'm a G muthafucker 
Can't you see 
I'm a G 
Rollin' deep 
With my phat fo-fo uzi 
I comes with a big phat gat 
And hollow point clip 
And quick 
To be a soldier 
By my shit 
So nigga 
Don't try no mo' shit 
No ho shit 
'cause when I was broke 
Nigga didn't give a fuck 
About my statis 
Now that I'm at this 
I'm loced out 
And livin' lavish 
So fuck tha gun control 
About ta bust a cap nigga 
'cause tha jealous got me strapped 

I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 

Now niggas know that tha jealous got me strapped 
Stepping close to the edge 
I got tha cops and tha feds on my back 
And there's no way that I'm giving up 
I rather bury you bitches 
'cause ain't no to marks gonna worry my riches 
If I catch yo ass in traffic (hum) 
You betta pull for ya pistol an open fire 
Or get blasted (Booo Yahh!) 
I'll be damned if I drop 
It don't stop 
I'm boxin' muthafuckaz with my glock 
A skinny ass neva had a penny ass nigga 
I figure my Mashfurd pump will show them punks who's bigger (Blah) 
And even if I did fall, I'll still ball 
I'm bustin' muthafuckers with my back against the wall 
Till these jealous ass bitches kill me 
I'll be thugin' like a muthafucker 
Nigga feel me 
And ain't no time for mistakes 
So homies watch ya back 
'cause these jealous ass tricks got me strapped 
Jealous got me strapped 

I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 

Homie ya know if I don't be runnin' with my strap 
Then I might get blasted 
Get blasted or blast 
That's how I'm livin' 
So I blast and blast the bastard 
I can't be worried about no jail time 
'cause niggas they tryin' ta take my head 
I can't have shit if a nigga dead 
So I bust back 
And break the bitch niggas off propa 
With a four-four take nine a chopper 
And try and decapitate a niggas arms from with his shoulders 
These jealous niggas don't know they fuckin' around with a soldier 
I don't be slippin' 
So nigga don't wait for me ta fall 
And if I got enough 
A hallow tip will smoke 'em all, y'all 
Envious niggas prepare to fly off ya feet 
'cause I'm comin' with some mothafuckin' heat 
Playa, so keep ya aim straight 
And hit a nigga on tha first shot 
'cause I'm a be tryin' ta make your mothafuckin' heart stop 
And don't be screamin' out for your family bitch 
'cause it was your choice 
That we jump into this gangsta shit 

Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run 
Jealous got me strapped 
I keep my hand on my gun 'cause they got me on the run

Little somethin' for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corinne

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothas clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin' don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you, you should leave him
'Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin' to gas ya up, I just call 'em how I see 'em
You know it makes me unhappy (What's that)
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up

Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter

Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing to me
He had me feelin' like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had to give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay your rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin' for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin' in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin' wet up
You know it's funny when it rains it pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
Said it ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
It ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, 'cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up

Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter

Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things are gonna get easier
Keep ya head up, ooh, child, things'll get brighter

And uh
To all the ladies havin' babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin' all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want 'em
'Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
'Cause ain't nothin' worse than when your son
Wants to kno' why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
Hell of a hand without a man, feelin' helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While the tears, is rollin' down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin' things don't all down this week
'Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's gettin' older and older and cold
From havin' the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin' Benz
I'm still tryin' to hold on to my survivin' friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
Please, you got to keep your head up

Let it be prophesized; niggas'll die because ya crew's goon
Around the way niggas get murdered by the full moon
Heard it in whispered tones
Niggas is bold and they choose to roll
I kill em all, watch now nigga truth be told
Westside was the war cry, look how they scatter
Niggas dyin' by my 30-yard, brains'll splatter
Wonder why these niggas cross me
I'm certified crasy, so sick the world made me
Now diggy-die, everytime I ride it's for reasons
Hard to kill a nigga cause I'm comin' back like Jesus
Bow down to my ill nation runnin' from drug cases
Lookin' at my congregation so full of thug faces
Momma gave a nigga breath, a life of stress
I invest in a vest and makin' niggas watch they every step
Label me a threat
And I ain't even got started with this shit yet
Thug style baby, hands on my pistol, listen I'm a rida'
Every nigga breathin' pay attention
Bout to show you motherfuckers how it feel, to drop a body
The simple gun to my lifestyle, Killuminati

Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you

After the fire comes the rain, after pleasure there's pain
Even though we broke for the moment, we'll be ballin' again
'Til I make it yo; my military be prepared for them bustas
Similar to, bitches that scary, get too near me we rushin'
Visions of over-packed prisons, fiends and niggas thug livin'
Pressures and three strikes, I hope they don't test us
They pull the heater ammunition it cranks, psssh
Move without a sound, as we slide down, pistols in place
They got me fiendin' for currency, the money be callin'
It's like I'm, dreamin, see in season me ballin'
Participated in felonious behavior
Cock the cocked fo'-five, snatchin' niggas pagers
Labeled a mark soon as we start, it was hard to quit
We started out drinkin' 40's, moved to harder shit
God damn now I'm a grown man, I follow no man
Nigga got my own plan, and it's called Killuminati

Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you

I spend most of my time bankin' niggas
Because they hate a nigga, comin' across fake niggas
But we made niggas, old school and I'm thinkin'
Y'all some bitch made niggas and you steadily sinkin'
O-U-T, L-A-W-Z ain't nuttin' fuckin' with that
We bustin' back comin' back for the stacks
Laugh last cash cash, all I want is the paper
Givin' them fuckers tool whips, I rule haters
Y'all can't fade us, we kill steal and peal quickly
The boss niggas, definitely, put it down strictly
E.D.I. Amin, until the law come for me
Kill em all for shortie, ninety-nine Killuminati

They got me thinkin' strugglin' and hustling's my only fate
Toppin' grams on the kitchen plate, tryin' to keep that money straight
Times is rollin' three up these streets sleep
But when I crack, hammer cocked back rapped in my sheets
My life's been crossed, crooked since a seed it hurts
Got a package from the devil, payin' my deeds
Preoccupied by the greed, in this crooked life I lead
More funds to spend, or bigger guns to squeeze
Me and my thugs clock G's simpin' naughty thangs
Real as these tatt's on my body, and it's Killuminati

Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you
Yo Makaveli they can't stop you
Hold it down
Killuminati and we got you, got you

Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Hold it down, hold it down
Makaveli up in this bitch, worldwide mash, Westside
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
The question we ask, do you know what time it is?
Hold it down, hold it down
You know what type of shit we be
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
You want that hip-hop real
It's that hip-hop that's rea
Hold it down, hold it down
Hip-hop that's worldwide, feel?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Fuck with me nigga you get killed!
Hold it down, hold it down
It don't get no realer than this
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my motherfuckin name nigga?
Hold it down, hold it down
My niggas we all bad
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
What's my muh'fuckin name nigga?
Hold it down, hold it down
What's my muh'fuckin name?
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Outlawz in this bitch!
Rap pro at his finest
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Repeat! Death Row at it's finest
Nigga, you know what time it is
Makaveli the Don until I'm gone, I maintain
Outlawz

Hand me a cigarette dog!
They got me feelin' crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Ass in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin' the Outlawz
Bad Azz representin' the L.B.C. Crew
What you wanna do? 
You know how we do it

Time goes by
? puffin on lye
Hopin that it get me high
Got a nigga goin' cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

[Chorus]
Time goes by, puffin on lye
Hopin' that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin' cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

(Tell 'em bout it)

Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall learnin' right from wrong
They say my ghetto instrumental, detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me, for the outcome, ban my records - check it
Don't have to bump this but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin' blinded
Hennesey got me feelin' bad, time to stop drinkin'
Rollin, in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin'?
Sittin' in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way but still I got so far to go
Dear mama, don't worry, I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu, that I love her, but it's hard to take
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak - all I heard was

[Chorus: x2]

(One, two, three, four)

I see bloods and crips runnin' up the hill
lookin' for a better way
My brothers and sisters it's time to build
'cause even thug niggas pray
Hopin' God hear me, 
I entered the game; 
look how much I changed
I'm no longer innocent - casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
when I gave her the keys to her own house, this your land
Your only son done became a man
watchin' time fly; I love my people do or die
But I wonder why, we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga get paid."
No one can understand me - the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say, c'mon..

[Chorus: x2]

God help me out here, 'cause I'm possessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
'Cause money's like a strong prescription drug, it's got me addicted
to the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
somethin' bout the paper wit the pictures of the president's, head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin' plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin' money 'cause it's cursed
makin' money makes a difference day by day so I gotta stay
paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin' to live
No matter how hard you try to see death, you gotta die
A lot of my, peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life do 'em right, or did life leave 'em dumb
Who has the answers? I wonder; I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell them
or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) 'Cause they don't even know
A million thangs run through my mind..
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin' time..

[Chorus: x2]

I'm feelin' fucked up in this bitch.
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate tye, indo, Hawaiian, lambs bread, Buddha, all that shit
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker, and Hennesey don't help
and Hennesey don't help, Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin' it down to the fullest, maximum overload
3 Day Theory, Killuminati to your body
with the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(One time for my niggas locked up)
One time for my niggas doin' life in hell
(One time for my niggas and shit, one time)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(One time)
One time for my niggas doin' life in hell
(One time for my niggas locked down)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(For my niggas locked up, one time)
One time for my niggas on Death Row
(One time for my niggas on the Row)
For my niggas on Death Row
One time for my niggas livin', broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.!)
One time for my niggas livin', broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggas in the jail cell
(Get high, puffin on lye, wonder if it get me high)
(Yeah, yeah, crazy)

Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate
Ice cube's in the mutha-fuckin' house
The nigga you love to hate

Yo, here comes the nigga with the ruff, terror
The paranoid, gots to get the boy
Get your steel 'cause I feel like a headbanger
Yeah, I got a gang of shits, styles guns
My uzzie wieghts a mutha-fuckin' ton
Bucking down one, bucking down two,
Bucking down your crew, mutha fuck you
Pigs were blue, I where black, nothing but black
Cause god damn its a brand new payback
Fuck Pat Sajak, never did nothing for a nigga
On tha trigga the zigga the zag the nickel the bag
The nigga the sag the forty five mag. got you runnin' like a fag
So, keep your mutha-fuckin' jokes
'Cause, I'm that nigga with a fresh pair of locs
No yokes but smokes
Crakers and them dirty mackers friends aren't jackers
Get yah for your drawers, young niggas out to kill for cars

Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house
Ice T in the mutha fuckin' house

O to the muthafuckin' G I break crazy
A lot of niggas hate me but they can't fade me
Stop me clock me cops wanna glock me
Mutha fuck mutha fuck pigs can't stop me
Uh, am I a G, I got proof
Banged in my youth, keep niggas on the roof
With a scope, dough, Cube keep the rope Tupac string a nigga up
(Hit the mob dope)
So whats up Punk
You want what I got step to me wrong fuck around and get shot
Your moms crying fuck her bust her
Bitch start screaming to me and I'll dust her
Pops got the LP phat, track on hit
Laid by the mutha fuckin' Bobcat
Ninety three suckas want me to go out
Throw the hoe out, bitch mutha fucker I'm rich

Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house
Tupac's in the mutha fuckin' house

Got any last wordz

Now they're after me, why? 'Cause a niggas black
Sit back
Ain't afraid to pull a triggar back
Let 'em come step to a real mutha-fucker
(Boom, Boom) Mama ain't raised no suckers
Dan Quayle, don't you know you need to get your ass kicked
Where was you when there was niggas in the caskets?
Mutha-fucker rednecks all the same
Feel a real nigga if he ain't balled and chained
That's why we burn shit and wreck
Cause the punk police ain't learned shit yet
You mutha-fuckas gonna pay the price
Can't make a Black life, don't take a Black life
It's on, the next real nigga fall dead
Dred, jheri curl, process, or bald head
Be prepared for the smoke to bust
What niggas need to do is start loc'in up
United we stand divided we fall
They can shoot one nigga
But they can't take us alll 
Let's get along with the Mexicans
And we can all have peace on the sets again
Imagine that if it took place [ha ha ha]
Keeping the smile off their white fakes
I ain't racist but lets trade places
Trace the hate 'n face it 
One nigga teach two niggas
Three teach four niggas
And them niggas teach more niggas
And when we blast 
That'll be the biggest blast you've heard
And them is my last wordz

Nigga westside
Westside in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker

Can't nobody stop us when we blunted up and swervin
Packed in a suburban, screamin outlaw runin on the curb
They never try me cause right behind me your killer team
I get a word cut the head off a nigga like a guillotine
They're sittin here seein me gettin coned though
Sittin in the back of the club tradin convo
Livin like I'm done in my own mind
Seein who can die for me nigga watch me with the chrome nine
All the time drinkin champagne
Walk through the crowd let the tramps say
Niggas playa hate but do a damn thing
Picture me doin eighty down a one way
Stuck in the trunk, caught with gun play
So I gotta keep my eyes open
Gettin high, wonder why we gotta die smokin
My alibi, I'm victory
Like them other vile men I'm marked for death
Spendin my nights like its the last one left
I'm an outlaw

Am I wrong, I wanna get it goin on
Last to leave, till I see everybodys gone
I'm at the bar you can catch me hands full of liquor
Puffin on the sweet submission I'm the last one left
Tell me am I wrong, I wanna get it goin on
Last to leave until I see everybodys gone
I'm at the bar you can catch me hands full of liquor
Puffin on the sweet submission, guess I'm the last one left

I got my back against the wall
Gat chillin by my balls
Prior to war is rider nigga only five six tall
Napoleon only knows on we outlaws fuck fear
Better strap down to the feelins cause we out yeah
Thug passion all up in me
Feelin like I took some Henne
It ain't easy I'm tryin to make a dollar out of two pennies
What we got with these rap niggas
Wanna pull they're gat niggas
Only got my side cause they think pac die nigga
Last niggas with our tape
Take a shot within our vest
Pac come and catch weight
Nigga we the last ones left

If we woulda known the zone inside my own dome
Fresh outs jail it was hell but I'm probably home
Lookin for niggas that was roofin that shit when I was locked back
Hands on the pump, makem jump when its cocked back
Fuckem all they're bitches inside a world of weak
Bitch niggas be afraid to speak
We the last ones left

Tell me am I wrong, I wanna get it goin on
Last to leave, till I see everybodys gone
At the bar you can catch me hands full of liquor
Puffin on a sweet swisher, Like I'm the last one left
Am I wrong, I wanna get it goin on
Last to leave till I see everybodys gone
At the bar you can catch me hands full of liquor
Puffin on a sweet swisher, last one left
Am I wrong, I wanna get it goin on
Last to leave till I see everybodys gone
At the bar you can catch me hands full of liquor (Yeah)
Puffin on a sweet swisher, I'm the last one left

I eat and sleep the worst shit, turfs and birth
Me and my team super supreme putin in work
I'm passed out, drunk as a fuck, till it hurt
And I call earl screamin fuck the world
I got a bitch on the side wanna be my wife
And wify beefin wanna know if she gonna see me tonight
And i know it ain't right, but its the life I got
And thats until I see Yak
And thats until I see Pac
Young know I lost a troll somebody owed me down
And if the world was a girl I'd stick my dick in the ground
Fuck the world

Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Yeah
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Uh
Outlaw in this motherfucker right here
Outlaws in this motherfucker
Uh
In this motherfucker right here
In this motherfucker
Uh
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Uh
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Uh
Outlaw in this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Uh
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
In this motherfucker right here
Westside in this motherfucker
Westside in this motherfucker right here
Westside

Hey 'Pac, it's yo' boy
Hey man so far I've been listenin' to your album
And I ain't heard nothin' you could kick back and smoke a beadie to
You know?

Yeah like that
Some of that mellow s***
Some of that s*** that make b****es drink
Make n****s think
And help you check a fat-a** bank, 
So why don't you kick some of that s***, n**** only you know how
Ha feel me?

I'm barely standin, and plus my secondhand say it's midnight
Some Alize and Cristal guaranteed to get right
Like misdemeanors is a small thang
With DJ Quik in this b****, I let my balls hang
Runnin' through the street lights, 'cause we like, yo n****
Get your mobb on show 'em what a G like
Around the corner it's like Vegas, or better yet like Reno
N****s poppin, welcome to our casino, 'cause you and me know
Hundred percent like a c-note
Lookin' for a b**** that's half-black and Filipino
And when I meet her I'ma offer her some indo
Tongue-kissing on the window of a pearl white limo
Don't wanna be your man, I'm your n****
Touch me here, I'll get bigger
While I'm diggin' I'll get deep into your liver
I'm game type
Love f***in' b****es in the same night
My words are aphrodisiacs if you say 'em right
The club be poppin' so I'm stoppin' at the Fat Burger
Look through the paper it's another black crack murder
The city's full of surprises, you can live or you can die
You can f*** on the first night, or try, in the late night

"Last night last night changed it all"
In the late night!
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?
In the late night!

"Last night last night changed it all"
In the late night!
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?
In the late night!

Around my way we lamp, many styles get cramped
I clock rocks in the rain 'til my socks is damp
Ain't nothin' like bein' a thug when I can just
Sit on the Row of Death straight knowin' that I'm blessed
Hussein Fatal, flawless fatality
Overdosin' on crime, three steps from reality
Get up to get down, represent your town, last night
Was poppin' like like c***ed Glocks with hollow-tip rounds

From booty calls to bail sheets, it ain't no tellin'
If I wake up in the county in my jail sheets
My intuitions and ambitions up in the late night
Probably involves me comin' up with just to see another day
Might be me who bites the bullet
In these streets where a man journey
With crooked cops and a society who tryin' to burn me
I'm like a pit in a cage, spittin' my shells in a gauge
Deadly as AIDS, n****s gettin' crossed like a maze
Now picture me livin' my life like a king, maybe one day
Until then I'm livin' Monday through Sunday
Bringin' the Gunplay for all these beefs and battles
When we collide, I'm a ride on that hide like cattle
Cowards best to skedaddle in the late night

"Last night last night changed it all"
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?
"Last night last night changed it all"
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?

Money and multiple gunshots are shown, large amps are blown
N****s in low-lows, pursuin' mo' hoes, then go home
The life of a California star, and when you see me
In the drop-top Jag', how many n****s wanna be me?
Game is automatic, mandatory I sell
To Live or Die, I survive, but with a story to tell
'Cause when you gettin' some riches, watch for dumb b****es
They have you labelled a rapist before you get to tongue-kissing
It's a mean world n**** you strapped, or be a throwaway
Will I survive the late night, to see dawn of day?
Nobody knows me, I'm a shadow
My army fatigues made for battle, pockets full of ammo
'Cause when I'm out in the streets, I'm on point, where the static?
Too many done died from semis, so now we automatic
I disappear whenever heated, ride whenever needed
For my n****s up in Clentin gettin' weeded
Continue to roll until I'm old, ride until I die
Supply long as you motherf***ers buy
My homies rolled by in a bucket, but they ain't short and duckin'
Slappin' n****s known for tellin' b****es f*** it in the late night

"Last night last night changed it all"
It's in the late night!
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?

In the late night!

"Last night last night changed it all"
Holla at me in the late night!
"Last night"
"I don't give a f***, where you gon' be"
?

Te quiero
Te quiero cojer, te quiero cojer
I'll let your ass have it, te quiero cojer
Te quiero cojer, oh real?
Te quiero cojer

Now you've been actin' like you want it for a long time
All up in a nigga face, givin' me them strong vibes
Look in my eyes and you'll find peace
A Gemini, so you really blow my mind freak
Come on, I got my clothes off, hard as a nigga in jail
Skinny niggas throw the dick well
Everybody get their condoms, brother cause it's time to fuck
Hurry up and put it on nigga, time is up
What's next? Got my mind on some group sex
Where you goin', baby? I ain't even through yet
Do it like a true vet, love it how I threw it to ya
Even now make it good to ya, remember me?
I love fuckin' slow with the lights low
Black, Puerto Rican, even White hoes
Bellisimo, que linda, dame un beso, come to Papi
Fuck until the shit is sloppy
If you really want it

If you really want it
Get'cha ass up; you know it, if you really want it
If you really want it
If you really want it, if you really want it
I'm really want it
Let her have it

Alright all my real niggas and my real bitches
Let me see you do it like this, c'mon

Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body

Do you, you remember the time
When you absolutely, said never let it inside
Feel it's my duty, from Gemini, to Gemini
Can you (?) imagine the trouble (?) then double, I'm much obliged
See I would love to go and take a ride
Have total leeway up and down your freeway, nothing to hide
If I was committed to suicide
I'd fuck around meet you now put it down, I'd testify
Ain't nobody here to understand the reason why
It's you and I, so everything is rectified
I know you tried, you even made a nigga cry
But love is blind, now can you stand the test of time?
Redefine, what it means to be an open mind
Feel the climax
I bust a round for you, painted the perfect picture
I'm down for you, can't wait to get wit'cha

Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body

Damn
If you really want it
You like that? Yeah
If you really want it

Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body

Don't hold back, I wanna do that
Yeah, yeah, I feel you

Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body

See, it all started simple, turned into me lickin' yo' nipples
Fuckin' you doggie style to this instrumental
Hands up, all up inside ya
Hell I can stand ya
Eyes open I don't plan, to bust
Just hold on baby let me zone in
What do you mean?, can you scream let it go biotch
How does it feel?, got a nigga like steel in ya
To keep goin' now I'm fuckin' like I'm killin' ya
Let's go another round baby is you down really
Two shots of ecstasy Lick a nigga down silly
Your body next to me
I could touch you inside, and you'll cry
So good when a nigga leave, you'll die
My mama told me baby be a man put it on her
Hittin' bitches like, switches comin' around the corner
I wanna let me get my ride on
It's yo' dick baby but it's my song
If you really want it

Gots to send this one out to the freaky bitches
Definitely all the Scorpios, and the Geminis, and the Virgos
You know I know the truth about you Scorpios and you Virgos
No doubt gotta give it to the Capricorns
They some freaks too on the down down
The Libras, they like it even but they still like fuckin'
No doubt, Aquariuses, Libras, I said those
Leos (if you really want it), yeah they some freaks, Leos is freaks
They always wanna run shit in bed
Sagittarius(if you really want it), Taurus, Cancer, all you freaky fucks (if you really want it)
I'm a zodiac fucker I'll do you all one at a time
And all day long, let's get busy

Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, we came to
Rock, your body body, rock your body body
Rock, your body body, rock your body
Rock, your body body

Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs
Yo, n****

The quicker the n**** can go on
The faster the n**** can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow an' get my ho on
Them n****s don't know what goes on
They tryin' to f*** with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone

Are you ready for my flow? Hit me, ho
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me, ho
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me, ho
Stop frontin' motherf***er, let them thangs go

I'm quick to kill a n****, any n**** feel me, n****
You can't fade me, I'm way to f***in' real, n****
'2Pacalypse Now' still down with the underground
N****s get clowned when I come around
Boom boom motherf***er an' it don't stop
F*** a cop, pa** the glock an' it won't stop

If ya ready for my flow, hit me, ho
If ya ready for my flow, hit me, ho
If ya ready for my flow, hit me, ho
Stop frontin' motherf***er, let them thangs go

If ya wonderin', the thunder an' the trouble
Is comin' from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once f***in' D M an' two times
Poppin' like two nines, hittin' 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the n**** 'cause ya sure can't punch me

If ya feel me let me hear ya say rock that s***
If ya feel me let me hear ya say rock that s***
If ya feel me let me hear ya say rock that s***
'Cause ain't a n**** alive that can stop the hit

Hey, hold on, young 'Pac, motherf***ers ain't ridin'
No hookers out here, punk motherf***ers think the town
Ain't got handle bars on an' s*** an' ya lie to get slapped
Behind here with a motherf***in' motor, punk sissy

Check this out, y'all finna come up off
Those motherf***in' thangs 'cause I ain't finna be up
Here sweatin' for nothin', ya little punk square n****

I'm quick to spit the s*** get ya open
Straight outta Oakland, f*** the law, get ya jaw broken
Ba-ba-bang bang, n****, it's a stick up D
Turn the kick up, I'm ready to rip the s*** up, G

They got me hype, hype, hyper, am I hype enough?
Pa** the blunt, motherf***er, let me light s*** up
An' pump ya fist like this
'Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick
What they hittin' fo'? Double up n****, it's on
The type of n**** that likes to bone with the lights on

If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
Stop frontin' motherf***er, let them thangs go

Yes, some of you n****s are b****es too
Little square motherf***ers, tryin' to get to who?
Pop pop, never made it to ya punk a** clique
Talk s***, now ya gotta get ya punk a** whipped

For the b****es that be tryin' to work a n****
For the tramps that be tryin' to jerk a n****
For the rollers that be tryin' to urk a n****
I'm a hustle an' you punks can't hurt me, n****

If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
If ya ready for a n****, hit me, ho
Stop frontin' motherf***er, let them thangs go

Hit me, yeah, let them thangs go
I'm a straight rider
I'm a straight rider
I'm a straight rider
...

[Heavy D] 
Yea this is uh Super funk you know what I'm sayin
This is for all the players and playetts wherever you at you dig
I'm talkin about from this side to that side 
East side, West side, your side, my side
It's all about being funky man
Aiyyo give me that microphone
It's Heavy D the baritone and I'm home alone dig it 
and I'm always staying freshly dipped on 1-2-5th 
where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin spliff
Okay okay okay okay it's Heavy D again
Hallelujah I'm on your T.V. screen again
You see me on your MTV and on your BET 
and on your local focal point video show
Nigga this how it flow so fly like an eagle
No sequels no weed but I get love from all the thugs 
cause they still my people 
I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me
They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up 
Let's get it on! 

[chorus]x2 
Untouchables at your door 
(Let's get it on) 
All you wack rappers hit the floor 

[2pac]
How should I plead forever thuggin on a quest to get G's
Runnin from enemies ever since the days of a seed
I'm under pressure the stress will have me drinkin
thinkin niggaz after me much too paranoid to blink
Wonder why the police don't want to see me stackin G's
They after a playa but I won't let em capture me
I gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine 
I can't sleep close my eyes I see wicked deams (deamons)
I keep my pistol by my bedside one in the chamber
Preoccupied with homocide my life's in danger
Rollin down the four-five beware of stangers 
Hand on my 4-5 that's what the fame does
I'm probably wrong but I'll never know it till I'm gone
From out the ghetto where the jealous motherfuckers roam
Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me 
before the penitentiary 
Let's get it on!! 

[chorus]x2 
Untouchables at your door 
(Let's get it on) 
All you wack rappers hit the floor 

[Grand Puba]
I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do 
I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!" 
I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C
I turn food stamps to green stamps rough power amps 
and sold weed under corner lamps but now I'm just microphone talkin
So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walking
Niggaz got more game than Genesis
Seen a movie in L.A. now everybody want to see 
but them youth don't trouble we 
because they fall victim to what they see hey! 
I keeps it +Reel to Reel+ like my last album title song 
but I understand it takes a year for niggaz to catch on
(hit em in the head dog) So let's get it on! yea 

[Notorious B.I.G.] 
Split the dutches fill it with the skunk we about to 
get wicked in the joint uh Notorious is glorious 
*cough, cough)*
Niggaz now who's the mind blower, the weed grower 
Have you seeing doubles like Noah, the rhyme flower 
B.I.G. top notch with the glock check your pockets 
and your sock it's just the way my pops taught me 
When you throw the drop check em thoroughly 
The bastard might spin around and try to bury me
And dead niggaz don't make no moves
When I'm slingin in the hood I don't fake no moves aight
Reminiscin on my swingin days 
when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves
Yea she had the Gucci boots I had Sarducci suits
Oshkosh-begosh Coca-Cola lookin real cute
Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin Bucktown
Mac-11 cocked back niggaz better duck down
Face down you know the routine the cream
Earrings you know the drama Biggie bring
Let's get it on

To my unborn child..
To my unborn child.. in case I don't make it
Just remember daddy loves you

To my unborn child
To my unborn

Now ever since my birth, I've been cursed since I'm born to wild
In case I never get to holla at my unborn child
Many things learned in prison, blessed and still livin'
Tryin' to earn every penny that I'm gettin', and reminiscin'

To the beginnin' of my mission
When I was conceived, and came to be in this position
My momma was a Panther loud, single parent but she proud
When she witnessed baby boy rip a crowd

To school, but I dropped out, and left the house
'Cause my mama say I'm good for nothin', so I'm out
Since I only got one life to live, God forgive me for my sins
Let me make it and I'll never steal again, or deal again

My only friend is my misery
Wantin' revenge for the agony they did to me
See my life ain't promised but it'll sure get better
Hope you understand my love letter, to my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Want to let you know I love you
Love you, if you didn't know I feel this way
How I, think about you every day
I have so much to say

Seems so complicated to escape fate
And you can never understand 'til we trade places
Tell the world I feel guilty to bein anxious
Ain't no way in hell, that I could ever be rapist

It's hard to face this, cold world on a good day
When will they let the little kids in the hood play?
I got shot five times but I'm still breathin'
Livin' proof there's a God if you need a reason

Can I believe in my own fate
Will I raise my kids in the right, or the wrong way?
Dear mama I'm a man now
I want to make it on my own, not a handout

Make way for a whirlwind prophesied
I want to go in peace.. when I gotta die
On these cold streets, ain't no love, no mercy, and no friends
In case you never see my face again

To my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Want to let you know I love you
Love you, if you didn't know I feel this way
How I, think about you every day
I have so much to say

Dear Lord can you hear me, tell me what to say
To my unborn seed in, case I pa** away
Will my child get to feel love
Or are we all just cursed to be street thugs? Cause bein' black hurts

And even worse if you speak first
Livin' my life as an Outlaw, what could be worse?
'Cause maybe if I tried to change
Who I'm kiddin' I'ma thug 'til I die, I'm a rider Mayne

Touch bases, eat lunch at plush places
Regular criminal oasis awaits us
If there's a ghetto for true thugs, I'll see you there
And I'm sorry for not bein there

Just know your daddy was a soldier, me against the world
Bless the boys, and all my little girls
To the Lord I'm eternal, restin in peace
Please take care of all my seeds, to my unborn child

I'm writing you a letter
This is to my unborn child
Want to let you know I love you
Love you, if you didn't know I feel this way
How I, think about you every day
I have so much to say

To my unborn child please take of all my kids
My unborn child to my unborn child
This letter goes out to.to the seeds that I might not get to see
'Cause of this lifestyle

Just know that your daddy loves you, got nuttin' but love for you
All I wanted was for you have a better life than I did
That's why I was out here on a twenty-four hour 3

 grind
When you get to be my age you'll understand

Just know I got love for you
And I'll see you up there in the ghetto heaven
'Cause ghetto heaven gotta be there haha, take care
Run wild, but be smart

Follow the rules of the game
I know that sometimes it's confusin'
The rules of the game is gonna get you through it, all day everyday
Watch out for these snakes and fakes, friends comin' down the way

(If she didn't want to fuck then she never would've called you) 
Yeah I dedicate this to my nigga Mike Tyson. 
It's all good. 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 

Jack of all trades ballin' like Jordan you punk 
Fake inside the paint in fact I know you can't 
Do half of the shit that you was claimin' in the county 
Suckas on yo jock you claim you run the block 
Polyurethane busta' cracked in half 
You claim you folding bank but I know yo bank stank 
I lived around the corner I seen you fully smoked 
Must I say some more you weighed a buck 04 
You sold ya TV for a buck cause it was way too late 
Now they sent you upstate and you done gained some weight 
You's a baller lying to them youngsta's quick 
Got them thinking you sick and representing yo click 
But you's an old base head kickin' too much hype 
Yo bicentennial pipe it got rally stripes 
And if they knew yo identity 
You'd probably be the victim of a sticking (ugh ugh) 
You ain't got to lie to kick it. 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
Y'all don't hear me 
I got these niggas yackin' in my face 
About some shit that never took place 
And what you see is what you get 
That's what he told me 
I peeped it in his pose 
Exposed the fucking phony 
I'm gettin' richer so they claim to be my homie 
With them bitches they be freaky 
They don't know me 
Hey it's gettin' drastic 
Gunnin' niggas down cause they plastic 
Sleep on a G and get that ass kicked 
And stuffed in a casket 
Rippin' the shit like it's my motherfucking last hit 
Hey they wonder why a nigga's nothin' nice 
And every time I bust a nut I fuck for Tyson 
Cause I know the real on the bitch 
She got to skit ya just to get a nigga's riches (fuck that bitch) 
I pray to God that the bitch don't get no dick 
And got a nigga screamin' fuck that bitch! 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 

Well if a bitch'll be a bitch 
Then a trick'll be a trick 
I've got my nigga Richie Rich and we be all up in the mix 
This is Thug Life baby rollin' hoes like Vogues 
Stay the fuck up out of mine 
And I'll stay out of yours 
It's a Oakland thang and bitch you wouldn't understand 
This Tanqueray got me screamin' Fuck yo' man. 
But now you beefing on the strength 
That you was thinkin' I was jocking 
Hey bitch I got no time for hoes I'm steady clockin' 
And if it ain't about a buck I gives a fuck 
It's raggedy hoes like you that keep a nigga stuck 
So what's up with them low life bitches tryin' to play me 
Bitch you better see Trojan about yo' baby (Ha ha) 
Trickin' niggas better catch up on they pimpin' 
Cause bitches love to catch a nigga when they slipping 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 

You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches 
You ain't got to lie to kick it 
To them tricks and them bitches 
Out to get a nigga's riches

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

As I bail through tha empty halls
Breath stinkin'
In my draws
Ring, ring, ring
Quiet y'all
Incoming call
Plus this my homie from high school
He's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
Life as a baller
Alcohol and booty calls
We usta do them as adolecents
Do you recall?
Raised as G's
Loc'ed out and blazed the weed
Get on tha roof
Let's get smoked out
And blaze with me
2 in tha morning
And we still high assed out
Screamin' 'thug till I die'
Before I passed out
But now that your gone
I'm in tha zone
Thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
But now ya gone
And all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
I'm drinkin' Hennessy
While tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
When you passed....
Cause life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
Ya blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
Time to prepare to do fed time
Won't see parole
Imagine life as a convict
That's gettin' old
Plus with tha drama
We're lookin out for your baby's mama
Taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from gettin on her
Life in tha hood
Is all good for nobody
Remember gamin' on dumb hotties at chill parties
Me and you
No true a two
While scheming on hits
And gettin tricks
That maybe we can slide into
But now you buried
Rest nigga
Cause I ain't worried
Eyes blurry
Sayin' goodbye at the cemetary
Tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
So we both ball till' my dying days
Before I say goodbye
Kato and Mental rest in peace
Thug till I die

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

Bury me smilin'
With G's in my pocket
Have a party at my funeral
Let every rapper rock it
Let tha hoes that I usta know
From way before
Kiss me from my head to my toe
Give me a paper and a pen
So I can write about my life of sin
A couple bottles of Gin
In case I don't get in
Tell all my people I'm a Ridah
Nobody cries when we die
We outlaws
Let me ride
Until I get free
I live my life in tha fast lane
Got police chasen me
To my niggas from old blocks
From old crews
Niggas that guided me through
Back in tha old school
Pour out some liquor
Have a toast for tha homies
See we both gotta die
But ya chose to go before me
And brothas miss ya while your gone
You left your nigga on his own
How long we mourn
Life goes on

How many brothers fell victim to the streets
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
Be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
My niggas, we tha last ones left
But life goes on

Ma-ah-an, it ain't easy
They got me goin' cold-hearted
Probation, violation, incarceration
Frustration, you know
Fuck that, nigga damn near bouts to start basin
It's hard! Hard on a nigga 
Hard on a nigga (yeah it is, yeah it is)
(Kill kill kill, murder murder murder)
Watch out nigga!

[Chorus: ] Now tell me do you see
	Life's so hard on a nigga when you livin' like a G
	[Repeat 2X]

Daz in this motherfucker
Alright bwoy, drop that shit
Whassup man? Always listen to that shit?
That thug criminal shit? Peep game nigga, peep game, feel me

Travel through my mind am I blind it's a shame
Young niggaz gettin' murdered straight took out the game
As I sit here puffin on a cigarette
Gotta be ready, never know who's plottin' on a niggaz death
These are the rough times, best to hurry up
And duck muh'fucker 'fore I buck mine
It's gettin' crazy and everybody's strapped
Surrounded by niggaz but nary a motherfucker down to watch my back

These are the bitch made niggaz, you been played nigga
While you starvin' and broke they pullin' six figures
Oooh, what can you do
When you can't trust your crew, time to bust out the wenty-two
Boo-yaow! Ran out of weed, so I'm sippin'
On this Hennesey, tell me, do you feel me?
Heyyy, I have no remorse
As I take another sip of my liquor and spit my sick thoughts, oooh

[Chorus: ]

Thuggin' to the fullest, got my strap, I'ma pull it
I'm the first muh'fucker that can outrun a bullet
It's them thug life niggaz and we don't like tricks
Got these punk wannabes and they jockin' like bitches
Now my riches is gettin' hoes on it's own
Fuck a mystery, do you want to get with me, then let's bone
I'ma take her to my hideout, cause I'm smokin' that spinach
and stayin' strong to the finish and then I ride out

See you on the freeway, sorry baby
But I gotta call my homey see what he say
I ain't got no time, I gotta get mine
I keep my mind on my loot, I'll shoot everytime
And ain't no way I'ma let bitch made nigga worry me
Catch me slippin', empty the clip and bury me
Hell nah nigga have to plug me twice
Ain't no slippin' when you thug for life, motherfucker can you see?

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Never bow down, let these other bitches crawl
I'm a Thug motherfucker and these Thugs only ball
Ain't no half steppin' here, from the cradle to the grave
I'm a muhfuckin' fool, but I choose to get paid
Now my pockets gettin' empty, and I'm panicked in a fright
Me and my bitch named Nina are fiendin' tonight
Ain't nobody livin' safe, got a plot, and I'm stressin'
All I want, is my muh'fuckin' money, ain't no question
Don't try to stall little trick, cause we hit
So bring in the scissors and get to clippin' at his dick

I'd rather die young than die old and broke
That's why I stay drunk, and I constantly smoke
My memories as a youngsta, hangin' with the homies
But now I'm doin' bad and them bitches don't know me (Who? Who?)
But playa haters can't fade me (Why?)
Cause this is thug life nigga and we're crazy, tell me do you see?

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Yeah, constantly runnin' from danger
Ain't no stranger to cop cars
Gettin' arrested and tested wearin' a vest and don't drop my guards
My life is hectic, my homies send mail from jail
Niggaz in Hell got some horrible stories to tell
I'm catchin' cases and still tryin' to stack a grip
The IRS is tryin' to stress off a niggaz shit
A young nigga never had a prayer to prevail
And all my peers doin' years locked up in jail
What can I do, stay strapped, get a bigger crew
And creep around with them Dogg Pound niggaz too
And now we rich ain't no bitch than can touch us
And it's a trip, how we clown, when we fuck sluts
Bust nuts then I cut, that's my new thang
And motherfuckers got on do-rags

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Can I get paid, can I get paid, can I motherfuckin' get paid
Nigga can work for his money all motherfuckin' day and
Still never see a piece of it, you understand me?
It's not about the nice guy
It's 'bout the hardworkin' motherfuckin' Thug nigga
If you ain't a thug nigga, you ain't really doin' nothin'	
You ain't really makin' nothin'
These motherfuckin' po-po's and these pink folks
Got it all locked up for us to fail
See how they did O.J., and they doin' niggaz like that all day
So if you don't watch your motherfuckin' stack
Believe me, this could be your last breath...

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Fuckin' lil' homies
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies
Lil' homies
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies

Just pay attention
Here's a story bout my lil' homies, straight thuggin'
Lil' bad young mothafuckers, gotta love him
You could catch him in his G ride, touchin' his glock
Screamin outlaw bustin' on my enemy's block
Educated on these cold streets
Gettin money makin' dummies out the police, ain't no peace
For an adolescent nigga to rap, so be a thinker
Bud smokin' twenty-four seven, everyday drinker

Got my diploma but I never learned shit in school
Mo' money, mo' bitches, mo' murder fool
Always the young niggaz gettin' in shit
She wouldn't stop to conversate so you called her a bitch
Bustin' on paper thin motherfuckers
Drinkin gin 'fore youu get to sinnin' on them busters
Emptied his clip, passed by like he didn't know me
Everybody duckin', my fuckin' lil' homies

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

I remember, when you was just a lil' G
Flirting with death, playin' Russian Roulette, screamin',"Kill me"
"Hey there young nigga, what you smokin' on?"
Mad at the world 'cause you came from a broken home
Love to squad plus your mob is sick
A bunch of adolescent niggaz spittin' major shit
Tell me, young nigga if ya die let me know
Would your heart feel pain, watchin' as your Mother cries?

Will all your homies ride?
Or will they all get high, and talk about how you died?
Young niggaz on a mission to compete
Gettin' G's, packin' heat, bringin' havoc to the fuckin' streets
Nobody knows why he took a fo'-fo'
And loaded up on the whole front row
Try to tell him but he act like he don't know
Pull out his pistol and show me, my lil' homie

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

First to bomb, sixteen on death row
Bustin' on them phony motherfuckers 'cause the big homey said so
Niggaz knew I was a nut case, quick to blast
Livin' underage, but he'll blaze on yo' bitch ass
Is there a Heaven for a G?
And if it is, will I finally get to be at peace?
On these streets ain't no peace, shell-shocked souls
Makin' money off of crack sales, young black males

Unable to change 'cause it's a cycle
Plus nobody knows, the evil that they might do
Lil' Moo, Big Yak, K Kastro
Big mouth Hussein, call them Outlawz
Tellin the world to be equipped
When these young motherfuckers rip shit, they don't quit
Drew down on me, pull a pound on me
Bust like he didn't know me, my lil' homies

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

Lil' homies on the ride
Niggaz gonna die tonight, let's get high tonight
(My lil' homies)
Lil' homies on the mash
Runnin' from these punk police, 'cause lil' niggaz on the street
(My fuckin' lil' homies)

Whassup nigga? Let's do this shit! My lil' homies
Lil' bad-ass motherfuckin' adolescent niggaz! My lil' homies
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do? What nigga? My fuckin' lil' homies
Sixteen, fifteen, thirteen, my fuckin' lil' homies

Juvenile delinquents ready to bust on you motherfuckers
What the fuck you niggaz wanna do nigga?
Nigga take yo' shit on, lil' homies
We robbin' motherfuckers nigga, Thug Life, Outlawz! West Side
You know what time it is, my lil' homies

You know what the fuck you gotta do nigga, Outlawz nigga
My lil' homies

Every night - a different town - I sing my song
I play and sing - pack my things and move along

A pretty face, another place I never get to know
A one night stand, another show

My guitar - a railroad car - a bus or plane
Chocolate bar - and there you are - the price of fame

If I could do what I want to, I'd stay and never go
A one night stand is all I know

I wish that I could be two people
Instead of bein' on my own
I wish that I could be two people
And then I'd never be alone

Photographs of where I've been and all I've done
In this whole world - is there a girl - no, not one

Goodbye, hello - I've got to go - I hope you understand
A one night man is all I am
A one night stand, a one night man.

Doo doo doo...
Goodbye, hello - I've got to go - I hope you understand
A one night man is all I am
A one night stand, a one night man

Doo doo doo...
FADE

Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows	
Lord knows	
Lord knows	

I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they shoulda killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin' crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
And if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm loosin' hope, they got me stressin', can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennessy got me queasy
Don't wanna earl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
Don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
Slangin' rocks with your glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin' from the cops, and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows	
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows	
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
And every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
And still a nigga stressin' over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
Take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath,
It's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin' niggas, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard 
In the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breath
Got me thinkin', what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin' shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin' game
And Lord knows

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

One-time! One-time!
Fuck the five-oh cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let em capture me
Done lost too many niggas to this gang-bangin'
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin, fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
And he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin' up
I'm gettin' lost in the weed, man, gettin' high
Livin' ever'day, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out, and if I wasn't high
Probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows, Jesus
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows, lord knows, he, he, he, he, he)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

[Featuring Outlawz] 
[Tupac] 
Cause I hate to spend 
My life, my life, my life, my life 
Duckin one-time! (Lost Soul) 
How it start, how it start 
Started off with, runnin from copses duck and hide from helicopters 
We open fire, who can stop us 
Livin the life of trife juveniles, hopin for righteous 
Gettin twenty-five to life, if the judge don't like us 
In my clearest pictures, I see authorities itchin to get us 
ATF state feds scandalous bitches 
I wasn't promised to it, wasn't bitter or sweet 
See if a, nigga don't hustle then the nigga don't eat 
Only streets livin do or die circle complete 
Repetitive motions and felons in the rush for cheese 
Please understand my history a man of many acts 
Livin Thug Life, comin equipped, with many gats 
Maybe I was just a Lost Soul, trapped in time 
Livin in between life, and the cracks were blind 
Even though we had hope for dreams that never came 
Yet and still we all feel pain 
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine 
Cause I hate to spend, my life, my life, my life, my life 
Duckin one-time! Stranded in the County in the worst way 
Hell of a way to spend my twenty-first birthday 
Born in the ghetto as a street thug 
It's for the neighborhood and weed spots that we love 
Lost Souls... 
Lost Souls nigga, for my homeboys that passed on 
Words from the mind of a Lost Soul 
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine 
Cause I hate to spend, my life, my life, my life, my life 
Duckin one-time! 
[Young Noble] 
My brother Sean, first on my list, he stuck with 
a three-five when he get out would I be dead or alive 
He taught me the rules so much, but still In Thugs I Trust 
When in danger never hesitate to keep my fuckin trap shut 
My Mom Dukes got a little bit of Thug in her 
The Devil loves sinners crackheads and drug dealer 
Sometimes I feel like the streets are takin over 
Never stayin sober, the brain over and over backtrack 
My stack's fat, I used to take new 
One love to my crew aiyyo this one's for you 
[Tupac] 
R.I.P., rest in peace to Moo Brown 
Know what we gotta do baby, one-time 
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine 
Cause I hate to spend, my life, my life, my life, my life 
Duckin one-time! 
(repeat 2X) 
One-time! One-time! One-time! 
[Idi Amin] 
I was born twenty-two years ago, yesterday 
But see I saw no reason for me to celebrate, let me demonstrate 
Entered the world from out a poisonous womb 
Heroin bein consumed already predicitin my doom, soon 
to be one of the many misguided 
Always the first one on the block to be done tried it and liked it 
Lost before I had a chance to find my way 
Now I travel through life, not knowin the time of day 
Crime for pay, I'm on my way, but don't know, where I'ma end up 
I swear to God, it's just a setup 
And these are the words from the mind of a Lost Soul (I'ma Lost Soul) 
[Tupac] 
Just wait until rain turn to sunshine 
Cause I hate to spend, my life, my life, my life, my life 
Duckin one-time! 
(repeat 8X) 
All of y'all, keepin y'all in health 
To all of y'all, keepin y'all in health 
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself 
(repeat 2X) 
For all my Doggz, keepin y'all in health 
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself 
(repeat 3X) 
Throw your hands up (4X to fade)

I'm loyal to the game

Now I've got task on a nigga's ass
Tell me will they blast me
I think of an alias in case these crooked bitches ask me, now
It's gettin' crazy after dark
These narcs be like tryin' to shut me down but I'm too smart
Now picture me scared of the penetentiary
I've been movin' these things since the days of elementary
Now tell me what ya need when ya see me
I'm stackin' G's buyin' all the things on TV, believe me
I got some killas on my payroll and they know
When it's time to handle business nigga lay low
Although I'm young I'm still comin up
I'm gettin' paid pullin' razors on niggas when they runnin' up
The first to pull the strap when there's drama
Buster you ain't heard?
I been slicin' motherfuckers since I lost my mama
There ain't a cop that can stop me
My posse is cocky and they don't wait until they drop me
I'm loyal to the game

I do my thing respect my hustle I ain't playin'
(Nigga I'm loyal to the game)
You get in my way and I cock and pop that thing
(Man I'm loyal to the game)
If you know what I know then you know I ain't playin'
(I'm loyal to the game)
Nigga get in my way and I'll blow out your brain

Possessed by the streets you can't tell me that this ain't home
I can't eat if the rest of this shit ain't gone
I'm gettin' used to the needles on the bathroom sink
Gotta close my door because the bathroom stink
See, daddy don't work, and mama don't drink
But daddy do dope, and mama can't think
So look like I'mma be the man of the house
Gotta have somethin' to put in the air when it's out
Up early in the mornin' the first to get it
They say if you really want it then come on with it
Sacrifice my life for this ice and these cars
And I only spent 30 days behind bars
I ain't never had a job but my rent got paid
I handled any beef that they sent my way
So send me to the pen but you know I won't change
It's thug in my veins
I'm loyal to the game

I do my thing respect my hustle I ain't playin'
(Nigga I'm loyal to the game)
You get in my way and I cock and pop that thing
(Man I'm loyal to the game)
If you know what I know then you know I ain't playin'
(I'm loyal to the game)
Nigga get in my way and I'll blow out your brain

Yeah
It ain't my fault I came up fast
And your the name niggas bring up last
And all the dames get a king up ass
10 grand on every ring I flash
Deep frog--and I'mma have to fling your ass
I'm on the block where it's scorchin' hot
If you get caught in the crossfire they have to throw you off the block
I get 'dro by the pickle jar
These broke niggas wanna get the star
So I don't keep the four-nickel far
My lips is zipped I'm loyal to the game
Bring your bitch around me I'm spoilin' her brain
Get more slugs to boil in your frame
Cause you got rocks and they got aluminum foil for a chain
The paint's the same color as oil in the Range
I'm stingy ain't got nothin' for you but some change
I'm good now but the fact still remains
That the struggle that I'm from is attached to my name

I do my thing respect my hustle I ain't playin'
(Nigga I'm loyal to the game)
You get in my way and I cock and pop that thing
(Man I'm loyal to the game)
If you know what I know then you know I ain't playin'
(I'm loyal to the game)
Nigga get in my way and I'll blow out your brain

Heh
YA!
2Pac's in this motherfucker!
Uh!
G-Unit in the motherfuckin' house
50!
Banks!
Buck!

[Chorus: x2]
M.O.B., n**** 'cause we mob on you tricks
and you know we keep it money over b****es

Thugs known to bust on sight
God bless my crazy life la vida loca homie livin' that thug life
Been raised in violence homicide's my lullaby
Came with the homies and learned to kick it until we die

Boss players you wonder why
I live the life of a ghetto kingpin, just let me ride
B****es and n****z in penitentiary suits
I send 'em letters and money orders and make 'em my troops

As for you females, I got no time, I gotta get mine
You cannot blind me addicted to a life of crime
My time as shorty was full of car chases
While runnin' with John Gotti's and Scarface's

N****s knew, I'd be the Don in my own crew
A million n****z with automatics who swarm through
You wonder who shot me here's a clue, stay alert
'Cause we comin' for you, and keep it money over b****es

[Chorus]

I blow you up on the spot, these glocks hot 'til you drop
All you wannabe cops, you don't want to see shots
I beef deep with the police peep what these streets do to me
Actin' all new to me I creep on you like puberty

You don't want to see the bad image of this scrimmage
From here to East Greenwich through every state with a sentence
Frozen weight in the cooter, ten plates to soup ya
1 2's we ought a cruise right by the state troopers

When I'm drinkin' Cristal, start thinkin 'bout Al
Bacardi coverin' my body at the wink and a smile
Bag a hottie or two, cause butter shotties for you
I got more bodies then Drew, I drink Mynotti on New, f*** your crew

This type of s*** I do for a petty hobby
F*** the world it's Fatal dog against everybody

[Chorus]

My s***'s phenomenal, droppin' like domino
Comin' with the real yo and f*** what you feel yo
This is not for all the freaks in short skirts
This is for my n****z nationwide doin' work, get your feelings hurt

Lose mo' faith than a composure, money and the doja
B****es is a cobra with deadly venom
Move as smooth as I get 'em, stackin' G's
My n****s crosstown got ki's

Hoes get diseased and fleas, for these enemies money over b****es
(N****!)

[Chorus]

I'm hittin' sixteen switches, my money over b****es
The struggle continues I'll miss you on my road to riches
I'm contribed to strive never laggin'
Disappear in the night with my 64 dragon, rag flaggin'

As I get 'em up and leave 'em stuck
Pager blowin' up but I don't give a f***
I'm fully stocked on the block, pockets full of rocks sellin'
Loc'ers and smokers engaged twenty-fo'/seven

So what can you do for me and what can I do for you
But stay true, and do the things that we do
Blinded evil-minded no option for my offspring
Reminded can't find it complications what the future brings

Losin' my mind why you sweatin' me all the time
I'm caught in a bind, quality time on my grind
Rather be lonely honey and dodge you like snitches
I'm 'bout my riches, money over b****es

[Chorus]

That's from the time a n**** close his eyes I'm hopin, I hope he awoken
Payin' my own that's tokin' chokin' off-a glocks smokin'
Money and power watch these b****es cause they skanless
Gettin' n****z f***ed 'n stuck from Timbuk' to Los Angeles

Ain't a n**** ruggeder than this grimy Heine' guzzler
Cowards better duck before my calibers start rubbin' ya
Me and my troops play blocks in groups, runnin' in flocks
Deuce-deuce in my socks keepin' a watch out for cops

Gettin' kicked, I keep my mind on my riches
While uncontrolled schemes keep me choosin my money over all my b****es

[Chorus: x2]

That's right n****
Money over motherf***in b****es
M.O.B. on 'em n****
Keep your motherf***in mind on your money, f*** these hoes

(Thug life baby) You don't need no motherf***in b****es
You need some motherf***in money
Get your mind right n****, keep your game tight
Play right play by the rules and you'll get paid f*** the fools
We up out of this b**** here

Biatch!

Young mothers (that's right)
I feel ya (hey)
I know how it is
Mama's just a little girl
Don't nobody understand
I feel ya

She was born a heavy set girl with pigtails and curls
A heart full of gold, still it won't change the world
Though she could never understand why
Some underhanded plans witnessed a man die
Was only fifteen, should have been a beauty queen, still
See her crying by the caskets when her parents got killed
Little girl don't cry, 'cause even though they died
You can best believe they're watching over thee from the sky
Never asked for this misery, but look at what you're getting
Is a blessing in disguise when you find out you're pregnant
No money, no home, and even though you're all alone
You gots to do this on your own, so baby go
I wish you luck and if you need me, call
Just come to me and let me feed you all
I can understand the way it feels when you're fighting the world
Facing all this drama when mama's just a little girl

Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Living if she is or not oh
Time ain't on her side
'Cause mama's just a little girl (mama is just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high oh

At sixteen, what a beautiful thing
The very essence of a jet-black ebony queen
And who could tell she'd get pregnant at an early age? (what?)
She didn't listen, had sex, watch her belly raise (hey)
Got violated by someone she dated, if this is fate
I'd hate to see the seeds she created, and so we waited
Though it takes time to build a body and a mind
She reclines nine months then finally it's time
What do we find? Little growing boy of mine
With a tortured soul, addicted to a life of crime
Had no time for the growing stage
He learned his values on the streets at an early age
Watch for police, don't come home (why?)
'cause mama's acting crazy at the hospital
About to have another baby, like a rose from the concrete
Growing within, blessed with twins
How the hell can mama raise three men?
So we began, closest family, such insanity
A happy home from one act of inhumanity
Plus mama said they seed was corrupt, it used to rub
Her belly, begging to let us breathe if she loved us
Now, mama, since quiet, sipping peppermint Schnapps
Turned the house into a spot and made her watch for cops hey
How could mama bring a thug like me into the world?
She ain't the cause of all this drama
'Cause mama's just a little girl

Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Living if she is or not, oh
Time ain't on her side
'Cause mama's just a little girl (mama is just a little girl)
She gotta hold her head up high, oh

Now, will she remain in the same spot?
The gunshots rang, they came from the 'caine spot
Now, look here, I see her clutching her son in her arms, she's hurt
Her heart bleeds, now she watched her seed die in the dirt
Fulfil prophecies, but who could stop the grief
I walk around trying to hold the world up on top of me
Probably be an innocent man, still I'm the victim of a curse
What could be worse? Nothing but pain since my birth
Only functions at the pen, 'cause everybody's in
Paying back society, I'm guilty of a life of sin
I watch the drama occur, my eyes blur before I jetted
I wonder why we all have to die before we get it
Though we shed tears, so many peers I've done buried
Worried and scared, knowing I'm going to see the cemetery
Must be prepared in this cold world no one cares
Knowing it ain't fair, but we all bear and do our share
In this land of the underhanded schemes and plans
Vivid dreams of a nigga having G's in hand
Mama told me not to be a punk
Fuck what you talking about, coward, what you niggaz want? (hey)
There ain't a thing I wouldn't do for my mama in this world
'Cause you know I ain't mad at cha, you're just a little girl
See mama is just a little girl (Mama is just a little girl)

Mama don't know why
Mama's just a little girl
Living if she is or not, oh
Time ain't on her side 

They ask us why we mutilate each other like we do
They wonder why we hold such little worth for human life
(Facing all this drama)
To ask us why we turn from bad to worse is to ignore from which we came
(mama is just a little girl)
You see, you wouldn't ask why the rose that grew from the concrete had damaged petals 
On the contrary, we would all celebrate its tenacity
We would all love its will to reach the sun
Well, we are the roses (we are the roses)
This is the concrete (this is the concrete)
And these are my damaged petals (and these are my damaged petals)
Don't ask me why (Don't ask why)
Thank God, nigga (Thank God)
Ask me how (ask me how)
You see, mama's just a little girl hey (mama)

Mama

[Chorus]
Me and my homies tho
You know we kick it like everyday
Me and my homies, kick it like everyday

But I'm alone in my room
And I don't have no one to talk to
I catch a girl with my phone
And cause some folks who know what I go through
After I smoke a joint, come on
To keep my temper low
I parlay with my friends
There's really no where else to go

[Chorus: x2]

I ain't shit without my homeboys
Rather be buried, then see us party
Keep it close to my heart
Cause we the ones that got the shit started
You recollect, we used to bust on snitches
Nobody come before my niggas, fuck all y'all bitches
All my homeboys are self sufficient
So be suspicious of your scandalous tricks
Got the police taking our pictures
Love to hang out on the corner but we known to ride
Me and my motherfucking homeboys down to die
For each other, cause we closer than brothers
Its like you came in, no forgetting the party popping
When my squad walks in
Throw up your hands baby buy me a drink, stop acting phony
Don't forget to bring something for all my homies
To know me is to love a thug nigga to the fullest, ducking bullets,
Snatching guns when these trick niggas pull it
Handle my business like a professional, the whole world knows me
But I ain't shit without my fucking homies
Me and my fucking homies

[Chorus]

(Me and my homies)
Constantly we mash
(Me and my homies)
Gotta make that cash
(Me and my homies)
There's no need to ask
(Me and my homies)
We are still the best

[Repeat: x8]
(that's my homeys)
That's my homeys
D-P-G-C homeys

[Chorus]

It's just me against the world
Ooh, ooh
Nothin' to lose,
It's just me against the world baby
Oh, ah ah
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
Oh-hahhh
Stuck in the game
Me against the world baby

Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin'
There ain't no stoppin' me
Constantly movin' while makin' millions
Witnessin' killings, leavin' dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Carries to children 'cause they're illin'
Addicted to killin' and the appeal from the cap peelin'
Without feelin', but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket, the aftermath
More bodies being buried, I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetery
Got me worried, stressin', my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin' this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, 'cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin' no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby

Me against the world
It's just me against the world
Ooh yeah, ooh-hoo
It's just me against the world
Me against the world
'Cause it's just me against the world baby
Hey!
Me against the world
Ooh yeah
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world baby
I got nothin' to lose

Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin' wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
And screamin' I guess them nightmares as a child
Had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villian, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Ever'day there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein' mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin'
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
'Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin' fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin'
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
When I gets to pervin', so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin' sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well

Me against the world
With nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world
Ooh yeah, ooh-ooh
It's just me against the world baby
Me against the world
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
Oh oh
Ha ha
It's just me against the world baby
Ha-ah, ha ah!
With nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world baby
Me against the world, ho ah
Me against the world
I got nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world baby
Ha-hahh (hehe) heyy!

With all this extra stressin'
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finally get to rest? Through this suppression
They punish the people that's askin' questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possessions
The message I stress, to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less, even the genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin' of riches, in a position of makin' a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nothin' like the game
It's just me against the world

Me against the world
Nothin' to lose
It's just me against the world baby
Me against the world
Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
Oh ah
I'd be ashamed to lose
It's just me against the world baby
Me against the world

Heh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up, and handle it

Me against the world
Me against the world
Me against the world

[Chorus]
Me and my homies tho
You know we kick it like everyday
Me and my homies, kick it like everyday

[Nate Dogg]
But I'm alone in my room
And I don't have no one to talk to
I catch a girl with my phone
And cause some folks who know what I go through
After I smoke a joint, come on
To keep my temper low
I parlay with my friends
There's really no where else to go

[Chorus: x2]

[2 Pac]
I ain't shit without my homeboys
Rather be buried, then see us party
Keep it close to my heart
Cause we the ones that got the shit started
You recollect, we used to bust on snithces
Nobody come before my niggas, fuck all y'all bitches
All my homeboys are self sufficient
So be suspicious of your scandalous tricks
Got the police taking our pictures
Love to hang out on the corner but we known to ride
Me and my motherfucking homeboys down to die
For each other, cause we closer than brothers
Its like you came in, no forgetting the party popping
When my squad walks in
Throw up your hands baby buy me a drink, stop acting phony
Don't forget to bring something for all my homies
To know me is to love a thug nigga to the fullest, ducking bullets,
Snatching guns when these trick niggas pull it
Handle my business like a professional, the whole world knows me
But I ain't shit without my fucking homies
Me and my fucking homies

[Chorus]

(Me and my homies)
Constantly we mash
(Me and my homies)
Gotta make that cash
(Me and my homies)
There's no need to ask
(Me and my homies)
We are still the best

[Repeat: x8]
(thats my homeys)
Thats my homeys
DPGC homeys

[Chorus]

Stand in formation, my motherfuckin' real troopers
Let's do it like soldiers - all and together now!
Ready? Hell yeah, y'all niggas better get ready
No retreat, no surrender, death before dishonor motherfucker!
Do it to 'em, c'mon never die thuggish, uhh - YES YES YES
Say what? (Eastside, Westside ride) Where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at, where ya at?
Where my real thugs, where ya at?
Hehehe, send cases to the drug dealer
Real thugs, where ya at? You motherfuckin' home
Do it to 'em, do it to 'em
They love the way we do it to 'em, we do it to 'em

Suppress the revolution of premeditated scheme
Introduce a drug called crack to us ghetto teens
Got a law for raw niggas, now, playa what it be like?
When will niggas see they got us bleedin' with three strikes
Can't seem to focus hopeless, with violent thoughts I wrote this
Got these Devils petrified, hidin' from my hocus-pocus
And so I learned to earn my currency and over time
Affiliated, clearly click a military mind
May God forgive us though we dwell inside a paradox
Thugged out and drug dealin', from the womb to the block
My live mind got me survivin' five rounds (shots)
My forty-five got me fortified with live rounds
When shit's thick we plot hits, when our Glock spits
All hail, out on bail, wrath of the 2Pacalypse
Forever ghetto necessary picture food stamps
Outlaw Thug Niggas never left the boot camp

They called us for assignment, one of the squad's finest
Skills in guerilla warfare and blessed with refinement
My rap sheet, contains sections of bomb sessions
Says I'm responsible for black Smif-N-Wessun
Puttin likkle yout's in a military state of mind
Dangerous like chronic and yard when combined
Cocoa Brovaz 'pon de borderline
Test de sound and ye dead same ti-ime

Man to man, I'm facin' the Devil with a plan
Judo stance, first glance, I'm makin' my advance
Animal instincts, intelligence of an assassin
Masked men, ninjas that surround me, ready to attack
I react swiftly, what father taught me sticks with me
Never forget the method, stick and move strictly
Shit be seemin' like it's closin' in
With no regrets I hold position
Cause I suppose I'm one of the chosen men

Picture being put in a position to move
And you can't move cause your move is blocked by the knight
At twelve o'clock, that's when the madness begins
So I start to focus in, my thoughts on the war
Cause the rule is the law, and the law that we live by
Is to stay true to self, in this case, BDI
Why try if ya body lie
By the block true soldier mentality, this is how we rock and roll
(This is how we ride)

Stick and move, time to show 'em how to make a move
Or get moved on, let's see who strong

In the gaze of the strange, where nothin stays the same
Where new faces come through with similar game
Now who you thought was them, really ain't
They catchin' deja vu's of the game people play
It's a call for readjustment, fine tune yo' position
You slippin' and trippin' 'stead of bobbin and dippin'
But never let this world of stress get the best of me
Takin' breathin' techniques, slay you with Tai-Chi

What does it take, to get a break in the world of snakes
And dose who fake
Elimination I'm facin' destruction
Outlawed, so I duck and down, fo'-fo' is bustin', no one to trust in
Rushin' to the goal line
Catch a nigga beat him treat him like he stole mine
No swine I'm a soldier, soldier I control mine
Time to, take you, back into time - follow dis here

One way out, this black hole
For this black soul, shit is outta control
I'm fightin' for my position to be a fetus in this world I'm enterin'
And my face is sentencin' for repentance
Before my body was fully formed into a human
I was already consumin' weed
Cause my moms used to smoke back in the 70's
Maybe that's why in the 90's I drop G's when I drop degrees
When I ease across the block with 'Pac
Got all y'all niggas shocked
You didn't think Boot Camp Clik would link, with a Outlaw mind?
If you do you press rewind
And you can peep guerilla tactics in every line

Yeah, and this is how we do it!
Where my real thugs, where they at?
Let me, see my real thugs, now where ya at?
Won'tcha, see my real thugs, where ya at?
Let me, see my real thugs, where ya at now?
Where my real thugs, let me see, where ya at?
Tell me where my real thugs gots to see, where ya at?
Where's my soldiers, where ya at?
Where my real soldiers, where ya at?
Where my soldiers at; where ya at, where ya at?
Get yo' strap my nigga; where ya at, where ya at?
Where my soldiers at; where ya at, what ya at?
Getcha, thug niggas where ya at, witcha strap?
Where my soldiers at, where my true thug niggas
No longer drug dealers cause we now, thug niggas
Where my soldiers at, no longer drug dealers
Cause we now, thug niggas, let me, where my
Where my soldiers at?, put your pistols in the air
Where my soldiers at?, put yo' guns up
Tell me where my soldiers at?, put yo' pistols in the air
Where my soldiers? My true thug rollers
Yes, it just doesn't quit, yes
This is that real hip-hop shit, yes!
Fuck what you heard
From the ghetto to the 'burbs, know we meant, every word
Where my soldiers? Where my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers? Where my soldiers at?
Put yo' hand on the pistol, put yo' pistols in the air
Where my soldiers at? Where my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers? Where my soldiers at?
Where my soldiers? Where my soldiers at?
When Bob Dole and Delores Tucker wanna know
Where my soldiers at? Go vote!

Righteous people be knowin what I be doin 
Is protect my peoples million dollar spot
Uhh, that's right, uhh, my million dollar spot
My million dollar spot (beyatch) my million dollar spot
My million dollar spot, on the block bring it hot (beyatch)
On the spot, my million dollar spot, uhh

Major loot, seriously niggaz don't wanna dispute
Mysteriously a nigga die, when you play this game 
and ain't know the time
I suck the life out your ass by pushin mute
Shit can get stanky like a poot (like a poot)
I got dog poop crank yes I pollute
Leave the whole block fully unrecouped
I'm like a record company, givin out advancements
Get my money back, by any circumstances
My million dollar spot, not to mention
Drive through service, Church's chicken
A bu-a-bucket full of acid by the do'
Just in case I gotta throw away my yole
Bars around the house, bars around the window
Dope around the corner, broken down Pinto
You can tell who got the mail who got the biggest chops
My million dollar spot... beyatch!

I can take a chance, I could live in cans
Bring it on the block, my million dollar spot
Haha, my million dollar spot bigger
I can take a chance, I could live in cans
Get my motherfuckin cash on
You know how we do it out here in California, beatch!
Bring it on the block, my million dollar spot

It was, more than just a dream for me
To be the King it seems I need a killer team to get the green for me
Hit the scene clean in my Chevy, now I'm ready for trouble
Count my rocks, set up shop, collect my fetti and bubble
Faded visions of me as a timer
though marijuana clouds my vision I'm still watch for drama, ha-ha
They got me crossed tryin to be the boss, no one can stop us
Niggaz dream of six figures, handle our business in choppers
Feds can't comprehend my ghetto slang, so I evade
and plot and plan a life of better thangs, all about my chedder main
Help me if I fall, can I ball for life
A half a key in my drawers, bein cautious like
I wanna rise keep my eyes open
Witness motherfuckers die with they eyes open, my niggaz rise smokin
any busta bitch tryin to stop my wish
To have a million dollar spot gettin riches, nigga

I can take a chance, I could live in cans
In my million dollar spot
Bring it on the block, million dollar spot
Get your money nigga!  Fuck the cops, in my million dollar spot
I can take a chance, I could live in cans
We got rocks, coke and hops, in my million dollar spot
Gimme all your motherfuckin money all money good money
Bring it on the block, million dollar spot
Hear me, get money nigga!

Nuttin but the motherfuckin hog in me
Hit the Hillside trapped with thirty-six O-Z's
Serve nothin but doves, no twat no love
Now nigga don't make me get these burner gloves
I got the whole block jumpin like the Mardi Gras
Nothin but a dope fiend party y'all
I'm lovin this game, it's my favorite sport
Come short get burnt with the Newport
I'm in the four-oh, and 'Pac came to see me
Smobbin in a nine-six drop rose Bentley, shit be
caution for these niggaz on the ocean
A sip of the potion now your nigga be in motion
Bossin hopin fede-ral thieves don't raid
Catch me with a glock and a box of grenades
I'm tryin to get paid, all about my lucci
Now bitch put this motherfuckin key in your coochie

Motherfuckers hoe hard!
Ya understand that?  Motherfuckers hoe hard!
We got shit jumpin off on every spot
We got crank methamphetamines
Dope for ass to get yo' cash, motherfucker
We got big pimpin, ya understand
We got solicitin, ya know
We got all kind of shit, prostitution
It don't stop
Motherfucker tryin to just get his cash on the motherfuckin
million dollar spot, BEYATCH!

I can take a chance, I could live in cans
That's right, my million dollar spot
Bring it on the block, my million dollar spot
Uhh, for ya knot, my million dollar spot
I can take a chance, I could live in cans
My million dollar spot, my million dollar spot
Bring it on the block, my million dollar spot
Righteous people know what I be doin be protectin my peoples
million dollar spot, my million dollar spot BEYATCH!

As I look up at the sky
My mind starts tripping
A tear drops my eye
My body temperature falls
I'm shaking and they breaking trying to save the Dogg
Pumping on my chest and I'm screaming
I stop breathing, damn I see demons
Dear God, I wonder can you save me
I can't die my boo boo's bout to have my baby
I think it's too late for praying, hold up
A voice spoke to me and it slowly started saying
(Bring your lifestyle to me, I'll make it better)
How long will I live?
(Eternal life and forever)
And will I be the G that I was?
(I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dream of
So relax your soul, let me take control
Close your eyes my son)
My eyes are closed

Murder, murder was the case that they gave me

I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my Momma and my Daddy and my homies in my corner
It's gonna take a miracle they say
For me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get fronted some keys to get back on my feet
And everything that nigga said came to reality
Living like a baller loc
Having money and blowing hella chronic smoke
I bought my Momma a Benz, and bought my boo boo a Jag
And now I'm rolling in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad
(Just remember who changed your mind
Cause when you start set-tripping, that ass is mine)
Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed
Never have a want, never have a need
They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'
Cuz my eyes wanna journey some more, really doe, check it out

Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord, my soul to keep
If I should die, before I wake
I pray the Lord, my soul to take

No more indo, gin and juice
I'm on my way to Chino, rolling on the grey goose
Shackled from head to toe
Twenty-five with an izz-el, with nowhere to gizzo, I know
Them niggas from the other side recognize my face
Cause it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C
Mad dogging niggas cause I don't care
Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair
Niggas stare as I enter the center
They send me to a level three yard, that's where I stay
Late night I hear toothbrushes scraping on the floor
Niggas getting they shanks, just in case the war, pops off
Cause you can't tell what's next
My little homey Baby Boo took a pencil in his neck
And he probably won't make it to see twenty-two
I put that on my Momma; I'ma ride for you Baby Boo

Murder, murder was the case that they gave me

They got a nigga shedding tears, reminiscin on my past fears
Cause shit was hectic for me last year
It appears that I've been marked for death
My heartless breath, the underlying cause of my arrest
My life is stressed, and no rest forever weary
My eyes stay teary for all the brothers that are buried in the cemetery
Shit is scary, how black on black crime legendary
But at times unnessecary, I'm gettin worried
Teardrops and closed caskets, the three strikes law is drastic
And certain death for us ghetto bastards
What can we do when we're arrested, but open fire
Life in the pen ain't for me, cause I'd rather die
But don't cry through your despair
I wonder if the Lord still cares, for us niggaz on welfare
And who cares if we survive
The only time they notice a nigga is when he clutchin on a four-five
My neighborhood ain't the same
Cause all these little babies goin crazy and they sufferin in the game
And I swear it's like a trap
But I ain't given up on the hood it's all good when I go back
Hoes show me love, niggaz give me props
Forever hop cause it don't stop... on my block

Now shit's constantly hot, on my block, it never fails to be gunshots
Can't explain a mother's pain, when her son drops
Black male slippin in hail when will we prevail
Fearin jail but crack sales got me livin well
And the system's sucidal with this Thug's Life
Stayin strapped forever strapped in this drug life
God help me, cause I'm starvin, can't get a job
So I resort to violent robberies, my life is hard
Can't sleep cause all the dirt make my heart hurt
Put in work and shed tears for my dead peers
Mislead from childhood where I went astray
Till this day I still pray for a better way
Can't help but feel hopeless and heartbroke
From the start I felt the racism cause I'm dark
Couldn't quit the bullshit make me represent
Hit the bar and played the star, everywhere I went
In my heart, I felt alone out here on my own
I close my eyes and picture home... on my block

And I can't help but wonder whhhy, so many young kids had to die
Caught strays from AK's and the driveby
Swollen pride and homicide, don't coincide
Brothers cry for broken lives, mama come inside
Cause our block is filled with danger
Used to be a close knit community but now we're all cold strangers
Time changes us to stone them crack pipes
All up and down the block exterminatin black life
But I can't blame the dealers
My mama's welfare check has brought the next man chrome wheels
Shit's real, I know ya feel, my tragedy
A single mother with a problem child, daddy free
Hangin out pickin up game, sippin cheap liquor
Gamin the hoochies hopin I can get to sleep with her
It's a man's world, stayin strapped
Fantasies of a nigga livin phat, but held back
Pipe dreams can make the night seem hopeless
Wide eyed and losin focus... on my block

And block parties in tha projects lastin way past daylight
A young nigga learned to break nine
Used to play fight with my homies but they stuck in the pen
I send them ends, but it's tough on a friend, in my mind
I see the same motherfuckers ballin
Alcohol will make a lazy nigga slip and fall, miss his call
I know the young niggaz understand this
Growing up in this world where everything is scandalous
I reminisce on tha fast times, past crimes
Tryin to cop a slice of pizza with my last dime
Can't explain, just what attracts me to this dirty game
Gold chains, some extra change, and the street fame
And what's strange is that everybody knows my name, swear they all know me
And lots of cash make a nigga change
I hit the green just to maintain, feelin pain
For all the niggaz that I lost to the game... from my block

I lay awake tonight because I wanna be with you
If you were beside me I'd playfully kiss you
Each time I see ya, the feeling gets stronger
You sit a bit closer, we stare a lot longer
Reach for my drink and for a second we touch
Words are muttered I stutter 'cause I want you that much
The situation is a no win 'cause he's my bestfriend
But now I'm guilty, I'm fallin' for his girlfriend

I know it's wrong but my heart is filled with purity
I offer passion but he offers security
It's like a trap that I'm sinking into
I wake up sweaty when I'm sleepin' 'cause I'm thinking of you
Then we make eye contact and I can't hold back
I try to shake it but the feeling comes right back
What have I gotten into, I feel possesed by you
I have these thoughts at night of undressing you

It's kinda obvious blind men might see it
But he doesn't so he keeps on trusting me
Leaves me alone with you while he's on vacation
Well how could he leave me with this temptation
Now I'm confused 'cause I'm no Casanova
But you keep callin' you sayin' to comeover
Now what do I do? Go or stay and play it smart
It's gettin' rougher 'cause I suffer from a burnin' heart

My burnin' heart

Girl, you are my one and only
You are my angel and now you wanna leave me lonely
What did I do? Baby, did I treat you bad?
My heart is broken and now you make me sad
I remember, when this love affair first started
We was so in love and now we are departed
Girl, I buy you anything your heart desires
I have to let you know, baby, you're my fire

Warm and wet each kiss is prolonged
This sweet caress that makes Rock T strong
Just being with you and seeing the two of us
Walking along the beach 'cause, girl, you are my peach
So sweet and tender my love I surrender
No need to pretend that you want it to end
I'll never let you go you're forever my girl
You know why? 'Cause girl, you are my world

My burnin' heart

Totally tongue tied every two seconds I keep watching you
He's my best friend but I can't help clockin' you
How could this be, how could we both love you?
Now I'm trapped in this position and don't know what to do
I could forget about you, pretend that we never met
But when I'm here without you, I start to heavily sweat
You give me looks that reenforce upon the sores that's already there
So many times my mind was locked up and we passionately stare

Play the role like you don't matter, he swears that we hate each other
But in reality we can't wait to taste each other
You're my addiction 'cause I fiend for you desperatley
I stand here fantasicing because you're next to me
What can I do with this passion I feel
It's too hard to conceal so I know it's for real
Watched you so many times, I know where every curve is
I think you reads my mind and so I'm feelin' nervous

I wanna tell you how I feel but that wouldn't help
It would only cause problems so I keep to myself
Even though it drives me crazy to see you sitting with him
A tear rolls down my cheak because I see you kiss him
I know the words you're saying before they can be said
Hear the thoughts you be thinkin' before they come in your head
Wouldn't hurt the brotha for anything in this world
But damn I fell in love with his girl

My burnin' heart, heart, heart

My heart is burnin' you know it's yearin' for your sweet caress
I lay in ecstacy as you kiss and rub my chest
You know you love me why must you deny yourself
What I can offer you yet you want somebody else
It's not that well then girl what could it be
I hope I'm good for you 'cause baby, you're so good for me
Many nights I cried and tried to make this work
Then acted fool and cool and cruel like a church

Well I'm sorry baby, I have to let you know
You are my life my strength I refuse to let you go
You are so beautiful, baby, you light up my life
I close my eyes and dream that you'll become my wife
Day in and day out it's you I pray about
Don't lock the door to your heart and make me stay out
I love you 'cause honey, you're like a work of art
You got me on fire

My burnin' heart

I lay awake tonight because I wanna be with you
If you were beside me I'd playfully kiss you
Each time I see ya the feeling gets stronger
You sit a bit closer we stare a lot longer
Reach for my drink and for a second we touch
Words are muttered I stutter 'cause I want you that much
The situation is a no win 'cause he's my best friend
But now I'm guilty I'm fallin' for his girlfriend

I know it's wrong but my heart is filled with purity
I offer passion but he offers security
It's like a trap that I'm sinking into
I wake up sweaty when I'm sleepin' 'cause I'm thinking of you
Then we make eye contact and I can't hold back
I try to shake it but the feeling comes right back
What have I gotten into, I feel possesed by you
I have these thoughts at night of undressing you

It's kinda obvious blind men might see it
But he doesn't so he keeps on trusting me
Leaves me alone with you while he's on vacation
Well how could he leave me with this temptation
Now I'm confused 'cause I'm no Casanova
But you keep callin', you sayin' to comeover
Now what do I do? Go or stay and play it smart
It's gettin' rougher 'cause I suffer from a burnin' heart

My burnin' heart
My burnin' heart
My burnin' heart
My burnin' heart

Me and my closest road dogz
To my dog named Musolini, Big Syke, Thug Life baby
The return of the mashers, you know how we do it ha ha ha!

S*** half the times we flaunt 'cause trouble
My closest road dog it was cool 'cause I love you
F*** what they talkin' bout
Let me take you back in time, rewind to eighty-nine
Introduced me to this life of crime, but we was blind
Little nappy-haired juveniles, livin' wild
No smiles on our faces, thirteen catchin' cases
Indeed, it was misery
Driven by my own demons, 'cause they was killin' me
How can I be sure I'll be saved soon?
Catch me dip into the light, of a stray moon
It's gettin' deeper now, let me get yo' mind right
F*** yo' enemies, n**** grip yo' nine tight, tonight's the night
Murder murder Mr. Lucifer
Pictures of the devil, duck when he shoot at cha, it's all political
Runnin' from the future, escapin' in the fog
Live yo' life like a hog n****, me and my closest road dogz

Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

Ha ha, bring artillery and roll with a n****
They could never take the soul of a M.O.B. soldier n****
Cowards get rolled up, mob on 'em Makaveli
Boy youse a boss player, that's what all the b****es tell me
Even if I died now
I live my life eternally and never lie down, why cry now?
Fooled a few but never 'came a gamer, ain't tryin' to hear it
Evil spirits hide at total strangers, yo' life's in danger
Prepare n**** be aware, 'cause we ain't scared
M.O.B., 'til I die, when we ride n****s disappear
Fill 'em up with pistol smoke
Never forget to blow a hole in his head
For leakin' information to the feds
The burnin' bed was the tellin' sign
Two hired guns bustin' everyone, yellin' everybody die
Why the f*** they f*** around, we left 'em in the fog
Bleedin' like a stuck hog, me and my closest road dogz

Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

F*** they feelings, that's what they get for squealin
That's the pressures of a gangsta, dangerous this drug dealin'
See me in physical form, my n****s swarm
Take the figure of a circle beatin'' jealous n****s 'til they purple
Simon Says take they heads homies
And send them phony motherf***ers to dwell with all they dead homies
Fishin' for fake n****s, observe and shake n****s
The only way to see six figures, is break n****s
Me and Musolini set to ride we high
Big Bogart got the alibi if homicide ask us way
Labelled a Capo in the mob as big as the globe
To live and die as a millionaire, on ..
Set to explode, my M.O., is kill them hoes
My pistol's like a disease, my enemies and foes
Get murdered and disposed of, we in the fog
Makaveli the Don, and my closest road dogz

Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

Every ghetto street got a crosswalk
Let me get to the other side with my road dogz
All roam in the scary place called home
Take a second victim and if they all gone, my closest road dogz
Every ghetto street got a stop sign
Can I trust in you my road dogz on mine?
Even when I'm goin' through hard times
I still got my closest road dogz lookin' out for all mine

Tupac and Lil' Mo, hmm, how gangsta is that?
Hehe, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh

One two.. to a nigga nature, haha,
No need to cry now, go wipe your tears, be a woman
Why you actin surprised? You saw the bullshit
comin' fake hair, fake nails, fake eyes too
So why you, bound to fuck wit fake guys too
ain't nothin' hard about it why you lookin' sad? Shoulda though about it
Say you learned, I truly doubt it
I guess you got a problem with affection, kinda loose with the love
gettin' freaky with the thug niggas up in the club
Ask to buy you a drink, you holla Dom Perignon
Knowin I'm a cash getter still I, remain calm
Let you chill with me; plus you was smilin 'til the bill miss me
That's what you get for tryin' to dick me
Missed me with that "Buy me this, buy me that" syndrome shit
Bitch get a job if you wanna be rich
gettin' mad 'cause I cursed and I scream I hate'cha
Introduced you to a nigga nature, feel me?

Kissed the girls, made them cry
Thuggin life, and gettin' high
Why you gangsta, all the time?
That's a thug's nature (That's a nigga nature)
Though sometimes, I can deal with it
I realize, that I'm feelin' it
It's a love and hate relationship
but that's a thug's nature

I'm probably too nice at first, I let you kiss me where it hurts
Me and you gettin' busy, slingin dick in the dirt
Met you at a pool party it was cool to kick it
See us, tounge-kissin', you was truly with it
Little ecstasy, Hennesey, mix with me
Picture me pay for pussy when the dick's for free
Hey now, where my niggas at? Tell these hoes
Before I pay; I jerk off, word to Moses
Visions of you sittin' there sweaty and wet
Pointin' to the places that you want me to hit
Give me room all up in the womb, call the cops
Nigga, hittin'' walls 'til them bastard drop
Label me Makaveli - thug nigga with bite
livin' life like a rock star's Friday night
Make money, get pussy, always keep a pager
Cell phone in the ride to complete my nature now!

Kissed the girls, made them cry
Thuggin life, and gettin' high
Why you gangsta, all the time?
That's a thug's nature (That's a nigga nature)
Though sometimes, I can deal with it
I realize, that I'm feelin' it
It's a love and hate relationship
but that's a thug's nature

Haha, started as a seed from the semen; straight outta papa's nuts
Lustin' for creamin', bitches with big butts
Curves make a nigga cry, tits and shit
When I'm locked down beggin you for porno flicks
Sneak weed in, help a nigga pass the time
Put my name tattoo'd so that ass is mine
Tell everybody; 'Pac put it down for good
A local legend through the whole hood, follow me
I got a gun on me, goin' for none on the run baby
You know a nigga need some, is my son crazy?
Why I cry, when I be thuggin til I die
Picture a nigga in heaven, high off weed I fly
Got me missin'' dead homies wishin phonies would die
Hit the weed and hope it get me high; dear God
Understand my ways, livin' major
Blessed with a thug's heart, and a real live nigga nature

Kissed the girls, made them cry
Thuggin' life, and gettin' high
Why you gangsta, all the time?
That's a thug's nature (That's a nigga nature)
Though sometimes, I can deal with it
I realize, that I'm feelin' it
It's a love and hate relationship
but that's a thug's nature  (Cause that's a nigga nature)

Kissed the girls, made them cry
Thuggin' life, and gettin' high
Why you gangsta, all the time?
That's a thug's nature (Hey, just be a nigga nature)
Though sometimes, I can deal with it
I realize, that I'm feelin' it
It's a love and hate relationship
but that's a thug's nature  (Cause that's a nigga nature)

It ain't my fault
Hehe, Q.D., where you be? ahh
Don't blame me blame my momma, a nigga nature

QDIII, and Lil' Mo
Tupac, puttin' it down fo' sho' ('Cause that's a nigga nature")
I realize, that I'm feelin' it
'Cause that's a thug nature
Though sometimes I can deal with it
I realize, I'm feelin' it
Love and hate, relationship
'Cause that's a thug's nature ('Cause that's a nigga nature")
Yeah yeah yeah.. yeah yeah yeah,
Yeah yeah.. and that's a thug's nature

Where you at? Holla

Niggas! (Yeah!) (Uh)
Niggas!

Who's afraid of the punk police?
Niggas run the streets, no justice no peace
Fuck the law, rather draw than do time
Don't fuck with mine, cross the line, my two nines
Go baya baya when I shoot 'em
Korean mothafuckers was crooked, so niggas had to burn and loot 'em
Now the streets ain't safe at night
My Niggas! Straight take his life
So don't sleep when my Jeep creep up, how we hit 'em
Empty the clip, then dip 'cause we did 'em
Lickin' of shots for Latasha that's proper
Love for my niggas but a glock for the coppers
So what the fuck you want to do now
I packed a .9 last year, in '99 I'm packin' 2 now
And even if they pull their triggers
They can shoot one man, 
But nothings gonna stop the plan of true niggas

Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! ('Cause bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas! (Jada!, ey yo)

My dimes make the fiends go to sleep, 
So they call 'em bedrocks
Niggas is like photographers, all they take is head shots
Your last words'll be, "damn what's all these red dots?"
Niggas nowawadays, they worry me, my bars is therapy
As long as you usin' them thoroughly, 
Muah til the day that they bury me
My niggas is stronger and tighter 
Now than they probably will ever be
And I'm a product of the '70's
The hood got niggas on punishment, 
That's why they never leave
If I ain't eatin' with you, I'm probably beefin' with you
If no money ain't involved ain't 
No need for me speakin' with you
I know you got a gun but I'm hopin' you keep it with you
'cause unfortunately, I'm one of them rappers that keep a pistol and 
You know what the llama do, Shady/Aftermath, Ruff Ryders, 
D-Block, and of course Amaru
Lotta people honor you, probably 'cause of the way you used to bring the drama to
Whoever you wanted to, 
You a leader when you can get a leader to follow you
But anyway, life goes on, 
So I'll see you when I art in heaven like our fathers do

Niggas! (Yeah niggas, you can't fuck with us)
Niggas! (Yeah niggas, 'cause bein' a nigga means you love niggas)
Niggas!
Niggas! (Nigga!, you can't fuck with us)

Yo be (turn your speakers up man) 
Turn your speakers up money! 
Yo God! (Yo God?) 
Yo I got mad skills. 
Isn't that money? 

[Chorus: Snoop]
New York New York big city of dreams 
And everything in New York ain't always what it seems 
You might get fooled if you come from out of town 
But I'm down by law, and I'm from the Dogg Pound 

[Verse One: Kurupt]
It's the incredible, the lyrical 
You can't be me like Niece, to see me is gonna take a miracle 
I'm driving motherfuckers hysterical, with a 
Touch of this twister, stylistic mixture 
What I create pulsates, there is no escape 
Annihilate your mental mind state 
Dre labels my vocabulary abusive 
I packs more knowledge than Confucius, I'm deadly 
Induce you like Medusa, with thoughts to shed 
And niggaz throughout this hemisphere, far and near 
Prepare, catch me chillin' like the winter 
Up against the number one contender, as I enter 
Cause I gets heated like friction 
Motherfuck your whole jurisdiction, react this fact not fiction 
Telepathic addiction, to this homicidal recital 
Dangerous and vital to all my rivals 
Suicidal, brainwaves conveys 
To the average motherfucker's minds these days 
I'm all ready to put work in 
Take ten steps and turn to shoot the first nigga smirkin' 
Give a fuck, what's your name, what you claim 
Or why you came, motherfucker don't explain 
Simply, don't tempt me, cause I'm simply 
Layin' hoes lifes empty, the invincible MC 

[Chorus One]
[Chorus Two: Snoop]
Too much, I serve too many people, too much 
It's too much, I serve too many people 
And when I finish servin' ain't gon' be no sequel 

[Chorus One and Two]

[Verse Two: Kurupt]
Gimme a couple G's, for every MC, I knocked to his knees 
Verbally useless, oh you got the juice? I squeeze you juiceless 
The barbaric, versatile, you're no kin to me 
So how the fuck you inherit my style? 
Now, out the clear blue sky, I can't deny 
Not a day goes by, don't get high, don't ask why 
Tonight's the night for me to rip microphones 
Into bits and pieces lyrical telekinesis 
Gets me into verbally vindictive 
Violent vocabulary bobs to existence 
Catch me in the pitch black path 
I sit and let the sick thought pass through my mental 
Till I hear an instrumental 
And detrimental verbals get to spittin' 
The highest in intellect, try connectin' with the written 
Now they faced with the forbidden, vocally chosen 
To explore new terrain, then remain unseen, throughout the war 
Dips like a low-low, with my verbal fo'-fo' 
The cocoa complexion MC with the slow flow 
Fo sho', I takes it to you from the do' 
Motherfucker, mentally I go hardco' (you know!) 
I disconnect ya, Kurupter, MC to vocally 
Bore your whole molecular, structure 
Catastrophic, mystic as Mixelplix 
Hittin MC's like picks the deadliest lyricist 

[Chorus One and Two:Repeat x2]

[Kurupt] 
We live, tonight I serve two thousand MC's 
We live, cause can't none fuck with the DPG'z 

[Daz] 
We live (baby) because tonight I serve two thousand MC's 
We live (baby) none can fuck with the DPG'z 

[Snoop] 
DPGC, ba-by 
ABC the DPG'z 
Ba-by

[Verse Three: Kurupt]
Everyday, I bust rhymes and recite 
In ways that make MC's stop in daylight 
I'm the deadlies MC you want to see on the streets 
Invincibility is what makes me complete, compete 
Nah you can't even fade me 
I fuck, you, your momma, your auntie, and your lady

Hey DeVante
Nigga, don'tcha know we're gonna sow up every bitch in the country
Me and you, up in the same motherfuckin' room
On the same level
This shit here
Please, no more pain
That's right nigga
Hey drop that shit boy

My adversaries cry like hoes fully eradicate my foes
My lyrics explode on contact, gamin' you hoes
Who else but Mama's only son, fuck the phony niggas I'm the one
Say my name, watch bitches come, now fire
When ready, stay watchin' our figure, increase speed
Make you motherfuckers bleed from your mouth quicker
Plus all these niggas that you run with
Be on some dumb shit
Trickin' on hoes, I ain't the one bitch
Holla my name and witness game official, it's so sick
Have every single bitch that came witchu, on my dick
Plus this alcohol increases the chance to be deceased
I'm movin you stupid bitches, vicious telekenesis
Am I reachin' your brain? Nigga how can I explain?
How vicious this Thug motherfucker came
When I die, I want to be a living legend, say my name
Affiliated with this motherfuckin' game, with no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

Line up my adversaries, blast on sight, and fuck your boyfriend
Bitch, I want some ass tonight, you know my steelo
Alize and Cristal, weed
Sure you heard of all the the freaky shit they say about me, huh
Plus all you busters is jealous, pull your gun out and blast
I dare you niggas to open fire, I'll murder that ass
And disappear before the cops come runnin'
My Glock's spittin' rounds
Niggas fallin' down clutchin' they stomach
It's Westside, Death Row, Thug niggas on the rise
Busters shot me five times, real niggas don't die
Can ya hear me? Laced with this game, I know you fear me
Spit the secret to war, so cowards fear me
My only fear of death is reincarnation
Heart of a solider with a brain to teach your whole nation
And feelin' no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

Bury me that's what they all say
It's time to make a killin' sure to make a million with DeVante
Bitch I know you want me, what your mouth say?
Now, watch your eyes
You don't wanna get with me, that's a lie
I got my hands on your hips, no time to bullshit
Freaky bitch, come give me kiss
Tell them niggas from other areas, brothers from here
So obsessed with this money makin' it ain't nothin' we fear
Now they label me a troublemaker, 'cause I'm a ridah
Death to you playa haters, don't let me find ya
Mama made me rugged, Baptize the public
Now you all thugs, nigga don't you love it
It's similar to multiple gunshots, retaliation is a must
Wasn't too sure what you facin' so watch the guns bust
You niggas'll bleed, fuckin with me you'll be deceased
Never restin' in peace nigga, with no more pain

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain
Let's go inside my astral plane (no more pain)

Say Thug life baby
(Hardcore from the brain)
Death Row
So what you motherfuckers do?
Hey that's DeVante droppin that beat like that biatch
In case you wonderin'
Hey jealous niggas
See y'all niggas
Motherfuckin' niggas are shit
Hey

Westside!
Death to everybody that ain't down with me
That's on, feel me?
Oh yeah, to the cowards, you know what I mean
Just feel that
Thug Life
Shit don't stop
Well you're full beside you've had Downs Syndrome, motherfuckers
Weak ass niggaz, skanless cunts, fuckin C.E.O.s
Put your mouth on this pistol nigga
Put your mouth on the pistol!
Yeah nigga no more pain
Prison ain't changed me nigga, it made me worse
Feel me nigga
No more pain
Hey DeVante I'm givin these motherfuckers choices
Niggas can roll with us, or they can be rolled under us
That's on you nigga, what you wanna do?
Last year we was lettin these niggas kick up dust
This year you motherfuckers gonna be dust
Thug Life nigga Westside!

Straight outta Oakland, California where we spark it on ya
Give a shout out to my partners in the darkest corners
I remember drinkin' Hennesey, smokin' weed
Fantasize about the things we'd grow to be
Had a partner named Snoop, loved to clown a stank
Smoke a pound a day, commenced to down a drank
Shooting craps in the alley til they chased us off
Pour a little for my homies but don't waste it all
Ooh wee, who popped that coochie best?
On my tattooed chest is where the hoochies rest
Having house parties in a crowded spot
And you can tell it's hot, they talk loud a lot
Everybody wanna dance when the slow jam come
lookin' dumb, 'cause you waitin' for your chance to hump
Straight grindin', everybody havin' fun
And it's cool til a fool pull a loaded gun
'Cause another dude kicked his Bacardi over
He had to act a fool now the party's over
Gun shots rang like it's thunder
And everybody bum rushing and I'm rushing to get a number
Says she got a man but she's lying
Why? I seen her talking to this other guy and,
He's a dealer so you know she gonna sweat him
I ain't trippin' I just hope he get 'em, I got nothin' but love

Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love

I love to go back, to the block I got my game from
And pay respect to the place that I came from
'Cause uh, old man still drinkin', his breath still stinkin'
He'd love to tell ya what he's thinkin'
But I can't diss him he's my elder
He been livin' here longer what that tell ya?
And little girls playin' double dutch
Still blush, 'cause she don't get in trouble much
It's uh, ponytails and barrettes
I gotta make it back home, before the sun decides to set
And little boys playin stick ball, quick y'all
Get out the street before they hit y'all
And as I reminisce, I think about my ghetto bliss
And wonder how we came to this
I help an old lady across the street, the cost is free
I can't take what she offers me
And this is how the world could be
This is how the world should be
Feels good to be back on the streets
'Cause I know they got love for me, nothin' but love

Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love

When I was young I used to want to be a dealer see
'Cause the gold and cars they appealed to me
I saw our brothers getting rich slangin' crack to folks
And the square's getting big for these sack of dope
Started thinking bout a plan to get paid myself
So I made myself, raised myself
Til the dealer on the block told me, "That ain't cool
You ain't meant to slang crack, you a rapper fool"
I got my game about women from a prostitute
And way back used to rap on the block for loot
I tried to make my way legit, ha ha
But it was hard, 'cause rhymes don't pay the rent
And uh, it was funny how I copped out
I couldn't make it in school, so finally I dropped out
My family on welfare
I'm steady thinking, since don't nobody else care
I'm out here on my own
At least in jail I have a meal and I wouldn't be alone
I'm feelin' like a waste, tears rollin' down my face
'Cause my life is filled with hate
Until I looked around me
I saw nothing but family, straight up down for me
Panthers, Pimps, Pushers and Thugs
Hey yo, that's my family tree, I got nothin' but love

Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
I'm down for yours, nothin' but love

Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya 
Ain't got nothin' but love for ya

What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

I remember Mr. Magic, Flash, Grandmaster Caz
LL raising hell but, that didn't last
Eric B. & Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
And Red Alert was puttin in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill getting ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal, remember Raw, with Daddy Kane
When De La Soul was puttin Potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
Had me puffin on that buddha gettin buzzed, cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggy don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember "Push It" was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school

What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playing skelly, ring to leavey, or catch a kiss
Before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch, I remember
Way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestyling
With some wild kids from Bucktown, profiling
Cause the hoochies was starin, thinking, "Why them niggas swearing?"
I'm wondering if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, pump the hoochies on the wall
Or taking leaks on the steps, stinking up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin to stay away from Rikers Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin to keep it true
Out on the roof sipping 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Remember popping and locking to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Ho back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin La-Di-Da-Di
Gaming the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties, I remember
Breakdancing to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, about to hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nothing like the old school!

What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way
What more could I say, I wouldn't be here today
If the old school didn't pave the way

Everyday and night I pray 
Love will swing you back this way
Life without you here with me 
Ain't the same without you G

Baby hear me, I never meant to hurt you
Baby come and talk to me
Let me know what's on your mind
Every time I see you
You're running from me all the time

Baby hear me, I never meant to hurt you
I only wanted you to be happy
You to have the best of things
To be down with me, baby
'Cause your lovin', it's so good

You're giving me the run-around
Thought our love was going down
Baby don't you know
That I'm down until the day I die
Baby hear me, never meant to hurt you
Now you know I'll never do anything to hurt you
'Cause baby I love you

Every night and day I pray
Your love returns
Oh I'd give my life
If it would only make you happy

[Notorious B.I.G]
Sittin' reminiscin' on when you started dissin'
Spittin' in faces in public places
Rolexes with faces had you chipper for months
Made some dough, did some shows, now you're starting to front
Smokin' blunts on the veranda with Amanda
She's fillin' your head with he said, she said
Poppa doin' this, Poppa doin' that
But don't tell him I said it 'cause my Jeep might get wetted
Forget it, go on take her word like the Koran
Y'all stay friends, I'll stay and smoke Phil Benzs
Honeysuckle sets, Biggie secret pyjama sets
You were the Reebok vandal, now you were Chanel sandals
I made you, why would I play you?
Think about it while the streets you roam
It's all peas and crispies in the fridge when you get home

[Chorus]
You to be, be happy
You to have the best of things
Baby everything you want it for baby
You to be down with me
So give me that ass back baby
'Cause your lovin' is so good, so damn good, babe

Everyday and night I pray love will swing you back this way
Life without you here with me ain't the same without you G

[Chorus]

1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'

1970 somethin' nigga I don't sweat the date my moms was late,
So I had to plan my escape, out the skins,
In this world the fly girls, Tanqueray and Hennesey,
Until I call Earl, 10 months in this gut, what the fuck,
I wish moms would hurry up, so I can get buck wild,
Juvenile with the mics 'n' shit, New York, New York, ready for the likes of this,
Then came the worst date, May 21st, 2:19 was when my momma water burst,
No spouse in the house, so she rolled herself,
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help,
Umbilical cords wrapped around my neck,
I'm seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step,
I made it out i'm bringin' mad joy,
The doctor looked and said he's gonna be Bad Boy!

I remember back in time, 
Before all the homies died,
Before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,
Before I even got my ride
Before I had nickels and dimes
I knew that I was goin' somewhere

Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive?
Swear to God to reverse it I give my left eye,
With the right I visualized, the king of Bed-Stuy,
Checkin' his daughter Tianna into junior high,
If I was in Brooklyn, and B.I. Was still alive, in 2006 it might sound like this,
N.&. 718 212, where Sue's rendevouz,
Its like Moulin Rouge,
High fashion, up town Air Force Ones,
And Vasquez, Puerto Ricans with fat asses
Lace Dutch masters, we dump ashes, on models and S Classes,
For you bastards, catch a cab to Manhattan,
With that Broadway actin', you hype that 
belly shit'd get you capped, and wrapped in plastic,
Tell the captain, ask Rog' what's happennin',
Out here nor speak no evil, inside the Magnum

I remember back in time, 
Before all the homies died,
Before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,

Now I'm 13 smokin' blunts, makin' green,
Or on the drug scene, fuck the football team,
Risk it, ruptured spleens, by the age of 16,
Hearin' the coach scream, make my lifetime dream,
I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my doe up,
So school I didn't show up, and fuck my flow up,
Mom said that I should grow up, and check myself,
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself,
Put the drugs on the shelf, naww! I couldn't see it,
Scarface king of New York, I wanna be it,
Rap was secondary, money was necessary,
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary,
C74 mark 8, set me straight, not able to move behind a great steel gate,
Time to contemplate, damn were did I fail,
All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail,

I remember back in time, 
Before all the homies died,
Before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,
Before I even got my ride
Before I had nickels and dimes
I knew that I was goin' somewhere

It was all a dream
("It was all a dream")

Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racing through my head (it was all a dream)
Felt so real to me
This is what was said

Had a dream I said, bout who he said?
'Bout B.I.G. I said, that's big he said
Dig he said, proceed he said
Indeed I said, so, breathe I did
Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes I repeated what was said
It came to me like a well as even I said
"You feel playboy," was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead?
"More money, more problems, better believe it," he said
"Careful what you wish for you might receive it," he said
I see I said, jealousy I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself"
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Get stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
"Just keep doing your thing," he said, say no more

Was it all a dream, tell me
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dream
I gotta know (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dream, a dream
Was it all a dream

It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, "Rap Attack," Mr. Magic, Marley Marl 
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock 
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match 
Remember Rappin' Duke? "Duh-ha, duh-ha"
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the 
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey be, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good
Uhh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

Was it all a dream, tell me
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dream
I gotta know (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream, was it a dream
Was it all a dream, a dream
Was it all a dream

(It was all a dream)
(It was all)
(It was all, a dream)
(It was all a dream)
(It was all, a dream)
(It was all)
(It was all, a dream)

I see I said, jealousy I said
Got the whole industry mad at me I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself"
I agree I said, my one of a kind self
Get stoned every day like Jesus did
What he said, I said, has been said before
"Just keep doing your thing," he said, say no more

Uh, uh, uh
Ain't no shook hands in Brooklyn
Auto fatigued then fatigue the enemy
Look man you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket screamin' bastard
Cryin', know my friends is lyin'
I know who killed em' filled em
With them luggers from they rugers on they deserts
Dyin' aint the s***
But it's pleasant kinda quiet
Watch my n****s bring the riot

Came from the heavens just to sing a song for you
To the rhythm of my love for you,
And now it's beating slow, and you know
This the end of the road when I sing this slow song for you you
And love was nothin' but another gun for you
And I would hide it in my hopeless soul
I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go,
I don't know, you can hear them callin, don't you,
When the angels call like

Yo
If you don't wanna stay you can goo
But since love don't live here no more
The angels are flying so low,
Singing to you (don't you hear me callin you)
He's the one you love (cause I hear them callin me)
And he's the one you trust (now that time is almost through)
Time is runnin out (there's nothin left to do)
When they're callin you
When the angels call like (i answer)

Calling, for you, I will tell the angels now
Let them turn back in to stone
I do, love you, it's true
Fire, climbing
We ignore the angels call
They were warnings after all
It's cool, if I, pick you
When the angel's call like

Yo
If you don't wanna stay you can goo
But since love don't live here no more
The angels are flying so low,
Singing to you (don't you hear me callin you)
He's the one you love (cause I hear them callin me)
And he's the one you trust (now that time is almost through)
Time is runnin out (there's nothin left to do)
When they're callin you
When the angels call like (i answer)

Uh, uh, uh
Ain't no shook hands in Brooklyn
Auto fatigued then fatigue the enemy
Look man you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket screamin' bastard
Cryin', know my friends is lyin'
I know who killed em' filled em
With them luggers from they rugers on they deserts
Dyin' ain't the s*** but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet watch my n****s bring the riot

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain your game you see through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try
Like this y'all, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chromed out six y'all
Thought they was creepin', two trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleepin', he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine code non-stop
Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Way I hid dough under the bathroom tile
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein
Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Jigga, my ace boom coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin In My Room
Pissy drunk listenin' to Stylistic tunes
Or the O-Jays, thinkin' bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, did she beep you? Don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was askin' 'bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
We be all fuckin' tonight

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black, nasty and mad fat y'all
Shoulda seen the hoe, nigga pack ya shit
You out the door, ohh
What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures
Scalin' fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin' ya heat in the passenger seat
Of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me tryin' to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin'
Girls steady screamin', "Kim you need to leave him!"
When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
Thinkin' 'bout the bitches I fought
Over you, you can have the shit you bought
And fuck you, movin' is my last resort
You see nine outta ten nigga, ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Shoulda kept the freak bitch off my canape
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked your dick, it's like smokin' a roach
Uhh, why go from first class to coach

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

B.I.G. is making this cream
Bitches always say what the hell does that mean?
B is for the bitches, who can't understand
How one fly nigga became a man
I is for the way it goes in and out
One by one I knocks 'em out
G is for the way the game goes in the gutter
Other MC's man they ain't sayin' nothin'
Rockin' on, to the break of dawn
Make the bitch give the pussy get the mouth I'm gone

What?
It ain't no more to it

Yo yo this Mase, you know what I'm saying
You got niggas that don't like me for whatever reason
You got niggas that don't wanna see me rich
You got niggas that's mad 'cause I'm always with they bitch
Then you got niggas that just don't like me
You know the, those PHD niggas
but you know I pop a lot of shit but I back it up though see it's a difference,
a lot of niggas pop shit
But a lot of niggas don't make hits
But it's like this whole Bad Boy shit we come to bring it to y'all niggas,
Me, B.I., Puff, Lox, whoever, Black Rob
If you wanna dance, we dance

Now trick what, Lace who
That ain't what Mase do got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you
Tell you to your face boo not behind your back
Niggas talk shit, we never mind that
Funny never find that, Puff a dime stack, write hot shit
And make a nigga say, rewind that
Niggas know, we go against the Harlem Gigolo
Getcha ho, lick her low, make the bitch hit the door
I represent honeys with money fly guys with gems
Drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent
Hoes hope I lay so I look both ways
Cop says okay my tint smoke gray No way, nigga leave without handing me my shit
Got plans to get my Land and my six
Niggas outta pen'll understand this shit
Pop champagne like I won a championship

Been around the world and I I I
And we been playa hated
I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded
I don't know why they hate us
Is it our ladies
Or our drop Mercedes
Baby, baby

I was in one bedroom, dreaming of a million
Now I'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling
I was a gentleman living in tenements
Now I'm swimming in all the women that be tens
Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men
Now my divi-dends be the new Benjamins
Hoes of all complexions, I like cinnamon
Mase you got some hoes well nigga send em in
What you waiting for, let the freak show begin
How they came in a truck? (Nah Puff, that's a Benz)
Mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way it's hot and hazy,
Never shady, you must be crazy
It's ridiculous how you put your lips on this
Don't kiss right there girlfriend I'm ticklish
And I be switching fees with a wrist full of G's, nigga please,
I'm the macaroni with the cheese

Been around the world and I I I
And we been playa hated
I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded
I don't know why they hate us
Is it our ladies
Or our drop Mercedes
Baby, baby

Now Puff rule the world even though I'm young
I make it my biz to see that all ladies come
Get 'em all strung from the tip of my tongue
Lick em places niggas wouldn't dare put they faces
Before I die, hope I, remake a flow by
In the brand new treasure on a old try
Now when my throat dry, even when the smoke lie
Eat the Mami chocha and drive her loca
We never ride far, packed five in a car
Save money for the drinks, I'm about to buy the bar
And everywhere I drive I'm a star
Little kids all on the corner scream, that's my car
It was days couldn't be fly, now I'm in a T.I
Come in clubs with B.I., now a nigga V.I
Rock tons of gold, enough money I fold
Roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred at the toll

Been around the world and I I I
And we been playa hated
I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded
I don't know why they hate us
Is it our ladies
Or our drop Mercedes
Baby, baby

Been around the world and I I I
And we been playa hated
I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded
I don't know why they hate us
Is it our ladies
Or our drop Mercedes
Baby, baby

Beeotch!
Talk about these hoes Big

I got a bitch that suck my dick 'til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut (Hell yea) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for 'bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (bitch)
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya
After Big Poppa, fuck ALL of Junior M.A.F.I.A.
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch gettin' head on the highway (ridin)
My way deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it)
Just the way players play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (yeah)
Sucked all day, smokin' blunts, countin' cheese
Fucking bitches 'til they assholes bleed
What you say ba-by

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to Bar Mitzvah's
The dick don't fit, use your lips 'cause (use 'em)
I'm feelin' kinda itchy for a quickie
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door bitch
'Cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me
You know me, I like my dick Brown like Bobby
In the duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
Unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like 'em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint

Drink it bitch!
All of these hoes do that shit

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

It's after midnight, it's time to come up
Fuckin' with some sluts tryin' to bust a nut
I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
I wanna make 'em all mine (get down hoe)
But it's gettin' kinda late, and I can't wait
Bitch fuck a first date
I pulled out my dick, she called me rude
But then she ate it like food (tramp)
Then she noticed the limp and the whip
Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
Throw all that trick shit, out the window
You come up short tryin' to doubt the pimp hoe
Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland
Hoe money is my fix and I can't be broken
Freak bitches all on my dick
We on some Brooklyn, Oakland, California shit (beotch!)

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin'

You knew I was a dog when you met me bitch (Bitch)
Ha ha, fo' sho' (Yeah)
Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
To the spot, that's where we goin' baby
We finna goin' to the spot
Do our thang like we always do
You ain't know?

Uh, uh, check it out (yeah)
Junior M.A.F.I.A. (hehe, mm)
Uh (I like this) Yeah, yeah. Nine-fo' (keep bangin)

To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches, in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies
The back of the club, sippin' Moet, is where you'll find me (what?)
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (huh)
Mad question askin', blunt passin', music blastin'
But I just can't quit
'Cause one of these honies Biggie gots ta creep with
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret why not
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot
Now check it, I got more Mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy I got mad friends with Benz's
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin'' players
Jump in the Rover and come over
Tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the tree

"I love it when you call me big poppa"
Throw your hands in the air, if you'se a true player
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa"
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies
"I love it when you call me big poppa"
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby

Straight up honey really I'm askin'
Most of these niggas think they be mackin' but they be actin
Who they attractin' with that line, "What's your name what's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, who you be with
Things to make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' go call my crew
You go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around two
Plans to leave, throw the keys to 'Lil Cease
Pull the truck up, front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly
A t-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, 'cause in a few, we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right boo (true)
Forget the telly we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke L's while you do me

"I love it when you call me big pop-pa"
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa"
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa"
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby

(How ya livin' Biggie Smalls?)
In mansion and Benz's givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams (what?)
Choppin O's, smokin' lye an' Optimo's
Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure, whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Gucci sweater now
Drop top BM's, I'm the man girlfriend

Honey check it, tell your friends, to get with my friends
And we can be friends, shit we can do this every weekend
Aight? Is that aight with you? Yeah, keep bangin'

"I love it when you call me big poppa"
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player
"I love it when you call me big poppa"
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa"
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby

Uh, check it out, nine-fo' shit for dat ass
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A, represent baby, baby! Uh

Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga
The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it
The best that ever lived it
Cocksuckers, what's his name, huh?
That's how we do it y'all, yea
To all my niggas in the house
Bad Boy, who we die for
All day, everyday nigga

For the love of BIG, we bang out
Since my man died, we don't hang out
We blow brains out, we tear the club up, pull them things out
Mafia World, all my niggas max out
We Bad Boys, why y'all niggas cracked out
Coward niggas, most are burried down south
Far from gangstas, really hush puppies
niggas bearly speak when we discuss money
niggas stay yappin' when there's always somethin' funny
The realest niggas never took nuthin' from me
Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggas that got drunk, and hate kids
Got niggas on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix
Ayo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel

To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for

Mafia

Representin' Bucktown
MAC 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it
Once I got it, I lock it
Banger, big city boy with deep pockets
See me speak, that paper better be the topic
I like my ice frozen like the Antarctic
I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it
And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, waitin' for a hard hit
I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team
Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams
We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings
I ain't got shit, I spray things, take things
Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring
My nigga Ill's holdin' it down from the Bean 
Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains
Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain
Still ride, still die for BIG's name

To all my thugs who puffed him
All my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for

Mafia

Representin' Bucktown
MAC 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

For BIG I grip the Sig, put six in your wig
Not 'cause of what he said, 'cause of what he did
When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and that's the way it is for
We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera
Do jukes with police scanners, niggas mediocre, full of dirt like hampers
I roll with a bunch of niggas that wear bandanas and rep
We kept it thorough, from the heart rep the borough
B.K. style, see BIG howl, now
Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia World
Niggas nuthin' but squirrels, they know we rep
Niggas tryin' to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut
Wood style roll 'em up, get plucked, nigga what
Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths
Know my gat will bust for my nigga

To all my thugs who puffed him
All my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for

Mafia

Representin' Bucktown
MAC 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z
Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe
My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn
One for Mafia so take that, uh, and this one's for
You know Frank kept me iced out
Mink draggin', seven figures in my bank account
All that material shit, y'all still tryin' to get it
Uh, you fuckin' pricks, get off his dick tryin' to be like
All y'all lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth
Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E
Y'all niggas can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma
Who you love, for the Y2G, the two ten
We got it sewn, we don't need y'all help, we hold our own
'Cause this goes out to cats not tryin' to give it up
BIG lives in us, shout him out

To all my thugs who puffed him
All my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for

Mafia

Representin' Bucktown
MAC 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

To all my thugs who puffed him
All my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees

What about ten years from now?

Ten years from now, where do I want to be? I want to be, just livin' man 
Just living comfortably with my niggas man, in a pool and shit, smoking plenty indo 
You know I'm saying? I got my wife, just lounging with my wife you know I'm saying?
With my daughter, her daughter, you know just laid back, just chillin'
You know I'm saying? Living all my niggas is living, where I think I be? Ten years
I don't think I will see it for real dogg for real man, that shit ain't promised man
I don't think my luck is that good, I hope it is but if it ain't, so be it, I'm ready
(You're dead wrong)

The weak or the strong
You got it going on
You're dead wrong

The weak or the strong
The weak or the strong
You got it going on
You're dead wrong

Hey what it is pimpin', Slim Thug 'n' T.I.P. 
Doing it B.I.G wit' B.I.G (ye a ye yea)
Y'all understand wut im sayin (hey) 
P.S.C. pimpin', y'all already kno' what 
It is man, its a bad boy thang man, 
Grand hustle collaboration, 
Y'all already know man, 
Boss hog was happenin' (hey) 
A town pimpin'

Slim Thugga
I roll scrap glock forty in my left
I rap but still think like I'm grindin' in the trep
Trynna dept to the change from the streets to the game
Cant be selling c.d's 'n' still selling dem thangs
Cause bitches drop names 'n' bring a lot of problems
'N' puttin' something in they head the only way you gona solve em
Jack a stay plottin' watchin' your every move
N the minute you snooxe will be the minute you lose, dude
Das the rules so I j cruise wit' the 2's
To fix the damn fools dat think I'm slippin' wit' my juice
Breakin old habits so hard to do
Das why you see me on the same block wit' the same crew
'N' everybody sitting fat living good
'N' I'm the only nigga dat be rappin' in my hood
I was raise by the hustlas 'n' gain by the g's 
'N' taught by the bosses howda stack that cheese

You got rich 'n' g shits still a part of you 
'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do
You still watch for da haters 'n' the rugged crew 
'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to 
'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit' cigarsin' 
The coup man 'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do

Damn it feel good to see people up on it flip 
Two keys in two weeks 'n' didnt flawlet
My brain is haunted wit mean dreams gs's wit bb's on it, 
Supreme skeems to get richer the Richie quickly
Niggas wanna hit me if they get me dress my body in linen by Armani
Check it, my lyrical carjack make your brun' splat 
High callable gats is all I fuck wit now keep the rough shit
In my circumfrence mad bitches, wit mad noochies bulletproof vestes 
Under they coochies spitting my oozie don't lose me,
My trigger niggas represent driving dirty in jay 30 getting bent
Until my hit hos my murder mamis
I b smoking trees in Belize when they find me 
While you still killing niggas wit my lali like cami 
And cyber supres cypress fucking Roy on the floor wit'
The finest while I just slip coke smoke pounds of chope 
Got lawyers watchin' lawyers so I wont go broke now check it, 
Dem country niggas call me frank white I'm
Spurtin off in my lawf of cousrse I kno my shits tight, 
Surprise open my eyes still surprise got my shorty flying in wit' keys 
Taped to her thys wit lovely
Utincils suhen my suhen my china thing 
She half black half oriental eighty six she got me rentals

You got rich 'n' g shits still a part of you 
'cause breakin old habits so hard to do
You still watch for da haters 'n' the rugged crew 
'cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to 
'cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit' cigarsin' 
The coup man 'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do

I use to drive a Chevy Monte Carlo bricks 'n' blow all in it
I was taught to sell dis shit you putcho nose all in it
Let my bitch drive da Benz but dem roads off limit
'N' how you call yourself pimpin' wit' hos all in your bidness
What it is the music bidness of the streets make the decision
I do dis in my sleep 'n' you way outcho division pimpin'
Dis game we play fo' keeps 'n' da rules remain hiddn'
Dis ain't a place fo' laying da snitchin' shit is forbidin'
I was sittin' in da kitchen 'n' weepin wit hopes of getting back
All dat I forget to go blow see even 50 stacks
'N' now am sittin' back thinkin' bout the time
When a nigga get a 100gs think he went down
When I look for loyalty in the game it ain't fair
'N' thangs ain't da same they change it ain't fair
Real niggas there doin' they time 'n' ain't here
You commit da same crime come home da same year

You got rich 'n' g shits still a part of you 
'cause breakin old habits so hard to do
You still watch for da haters 'n' the rugged crew 
'cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to 
'Cause breakin' old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin' up wit' cigarsin' 
The coup man 'cause breakin' old habits so hard to do

Muthafucka, sometimes, you feel like a nut

That's what you do
What we got here, uh, check it out
Here's another one, uh, uh
By the Notorious B.I.G.
Head, head, and mo' head
Representing for the bitches
Head, head and mo' head
Check it out, check it out now, what
Check it out, check it out now
Check it out, check it out now, uh, uh

I got a bitch that suck my dick 'til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut, (Hell yeah) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for about an hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissing on hoes, bitch
Luke and Biggie straight shitting on hoes, bitch
Lick your toes bitch, fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm swayze
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya
After Big Poppa, fuck all of Junior M.A.F.I.A.
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring your ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch getting head on the highway
My way, deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cuming in her eyes-es
Just the way playas play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day
Sucked all day, smoking blunts, counting cheese
Fucking bitches 'til they assholes bleed
What you say ba-by

Sometimes Biggie Smalls like busting nuts,
Sometimes Biggie Smalls like getting guts
Sometimes yours truly like busting nuts,
Sometimes yours truly like getting guts

I gotta fuck her in the butt snatch (Yeah!)
I gotta fuck her in her muthafucking pussy (Yeah!)
I gotta fuck her doggie-style now (Yeah!)
I gotta fuck her muthafucking doggie-style (Yeah!)
We gotta suck, fuck, 69 now (Yeah!)
We gotta suck, fuck, 60-muthafucking-9 (Yeah)
But I tell you what I, I, I owe her one
All the fellas in the house say this, "This head is so damn good"
Tell them hoes (This head is so damn good)
Now all the ladies in the house say, "This pussy it taste so damn good"
Tell them niggas (This pussy it taste so damn good)
Now all the fellas in the house say, say, "This dick it taste so damn good"
Tell them hoes (This dick it taste so damn good)

Sometimes Biggie Smalls like busting nuts,
Sometimes Biggie Smalls like getting guts
Sometimes yours truly like busting nuts,
Sometimes yours truly like getting guts

Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to Barmitzvah's
The Big don't fit, use your lips 'cause
I'm feeling kinda itchy for a quicky
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door,
Bitch, 'cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby want to slob me
You know me, I like my dick brown like Bobby
In the duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
Unless you lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like 'em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I want to cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint

Yo, yo check it out, come on
Now check, check, check, check it out, now
My pee-pee has a first name
It's D-I-see-K-why
My pee-pee has a best friend
It's P-you-S-S-why
Now what I really want to say
Now what I really want to say
Is I hit it, eat it everyday
Now, before we go, we want to know
If all the ladies in the house is strictly-dickly
Say it, (Strictly-dickly)
Say it, (Strictly-dickly)
Say it, (Strictly-dickly)
Now all the fellas in the house, all the fellas in the house
Say, say, we are muthafucking strictly-clikly
Say it, (Strictly-clikly)
Say it, (Strictly-clikly)
Say it, (Strictly-clikly)
Now all the ladies in the house, all the ladies in the house
I know we got to go now, I know we got to go now
I know we got to go now
So see you on the next page
See you on the muthafucking next page Biatch!

Doggytyle, yeah
B.I.G.
Uhh, to all the ladies in the house
Where they at?
Uhh, uhh, check it out
C'mon B.I.

Another day in the ghetto 
One look outside and I'm already upset yo
It look about a hundred-and-two 
It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nuttin' to do
Uhh, I'm intrrupted by a phone ring
Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfuckin' thing
"Hello hello? Can I speak to Biggie?"
Yo who dis? "Taisha" Yo call back, I'm busy
Why don'tcha hit me on the box a little later
Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator
Steps out it's the same old scene 
Dopefiend, crackfiend, eyewitness news team
I seen a honey with a butt lookin' butter soft
I know she looks much better with them clothes up off
Sittin' all thick, with the ruby red lipstick 
That's the one I gotta get with

Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

She said "If I get witchu 
I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew
Whatcha I think I do? Sling skins for a livin'
My name ain't November, this ain't Thanksgivin
You aint Michael Bivins
Mack it up flip it, rub it down
Do me baby, I ain't down
My name ain't Tupac I don't "Get Around"
You hittin' this nigga, how that sound?"
Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with
Somebody ya done slept with, hold up
That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got somethin' slicker
Let me just sip up on this liquor
All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic
Slam ya like Onyx, and get ya hooked on 
This Biggie Smalls phonics, 102
How to squeeze .22's in them Reeboks shoes, huh?

Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha
'Cause I got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha)
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

I said walk me upstairs, 'cause I forgot my Phillies
She said "I don't care, just don't be actin' silly"
I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore rap
And it wouldn't take a second 'fore I had her on her back
Pullin' with the bra strap, threw on my Silk CD 
'Cause, "I wanna get freaky with you"
Lose control on the skins is all I can picture
Now I'm about to hitcha

Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see

Yo, yo, yo
To all my hoes, respect due
Tamika sorry I left you
Michelle I'm glad I met you
You make the head feel special
Now I know it's official
That I can touch and tease you
Pull up my pants and diss you
And hit the door you came through
Its Cease-a-Lee, a.k.a. Mista Nasty
Germany style, these hoes they blast me
One of the chickenhead with sex appeal pass me
That's her hands, ankles, feet they ashy
I like the flashy type, who pass with dykes
With long hair, and they ass be right
I get up on that ass, see what that be like
I fuck a bitch good, if she ask me right, huh

Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see

Give me all the chicken heads from Pasadena to Medina
Bet Big get in between ya
Then pick the prognosis, doses
Blends and Bends like Twizzlers
Biggie's fitting to hurt
What's under that skirt?
(Slow down, son, you're killin us)
Who fillin 'em with octane?
Got 'em gassed up
'Bout to get blast up, sup
The last one, word to your mother
Brother, listen
I've seen it when he kissed 'em at the way
Made his body shake
The high tide it 8:50 I's smoke tank
Rap terror whore crow and terror, true
Fly by the rivers but this is conspicuous
Bad Boys slipped in ninety-five ridiculous
My rap's rhymes is like land mines
One step, ka-boom, black suits fill the room
To whom it may concern, Junior Mafia's the click
Act up, I'll have my honeys Total bust your..

In the middle day now baby
I seem to think of only you, hey, oh yeah
Never thinking for a moment baby
That you've been thinking of me too, yeah, so

I can't wait for the day
That we can be together
I can't let you walk away
Can't you see you and me
Were meant to be, oh baby
And there's nothing left to say

Can't you see what you do to me
Our love was meant to be you were made for me, oh baby
Can't you see what you do to me
Our love was meant to be you were made for me

Every time I see you
I get this feeling, oh yeah
Telling me you are the one
Oh what a feeling, hey

I can't wait for the day
That we can be together
I can't let you walk away
Can't you see you and me
Were meant to be, oh baby
And there's nothing left to say

Can't you see what you do to me
Our love was meant to be you were made for me, oh baby
Can't you see what you do to me
Our love was meant to be you were made for me

Take me away, so far away
Oh what you do to me, oh
I wanna be alone together
Somewhere just you and me
Oh, oh

The motherfucker was amped
Nigga was motherfuckin' hyped up
The nigga just grabbed a nigga,snuffed a nigga
And it was on from there, the motherfucker, was not stopping him homes
(What the rest of his niggas do?)
Man, them motherfuckers was ready for anything
Them niggas was packing burners, niggas ready to fight with them
Whatever they had to do homes
Niggas on the real flip mode holmes
Niggas coming out like a motherfucker
Niggas was ancy like come on, come on, motherfuckers

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on

Let's go deep into the phrase, feel the sun rays
Off the forehead, everything is real
Biggie put me on this joint, so I'ma be the big wheel
Watch it spin, hey dad, placed your bet on seven
Peace to 106, 108, 110 and 111th
Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn
With .22s in your shoes, yo, keep this joint cooking

Well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat?
Release the brainstorm to make your motherfucking brain warm
A strange form, something kind of lyrical
Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual
Well, in God we trust, guns I bust
Got that disgusting, sewer-style dumping
And, uh, do you know where you're going to?
Do you like the things that I bring?
Make an MC wanna sing for a living
Take the beatdown we fucking giving
C'mon, motherfucker!

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on

What? Niggas want drama, putting work on my block
When I told y'all last week that shit was too hot
Selling deuces and treys cuts my dimes
Somebody don't get paid, somebody's block get sprayed
Reaction is delayed as ya run down the block
Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts
Ay yo, Biggie, tell these niggas I'ma hit 'em where it hurts
The Big City, it don't spare no bodies
Call me papi chulo, to all the Spanish mamis
I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or four stouts
Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses
Hey, your money, that's your stock, yo bitch, pass the Glock
I'ma tell them, "It can happen, don't play me with that rap shit"
Life is real, so Biggie take the steel

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on

I got seven MAC-11's, about eight .38's
Nine 9's, ten MAC-10's the shits never end
You can't touch my riches
Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches
Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The two weed spots, the two hot Glocks
Huh, that's how I got the weed spot
I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the lamb spread
Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body
So don't resist or you might miss Christmas
I tote guns, I make number runs
I give MCs the runs dripping
When I throw my clip in the AK, I slay from far away
Everybody hit the D-E-C-K
My slow flows remarkable, peace to Matteo
Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the yayo
That's crazy blunts, mad L's
My voice excels from the avenue to jail cells
Oh my God I'm dropping shit like a pigeon
I hope you're listening, smacking babies at they christening
So you better grab your pistol
'Cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fucking shit spill
And I'm talking 'bout buckets, why did I have to do it?
Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it
'Cause I got mo' shots to pop ya
Big Poppa, breaking you off something proper
Signing off is the hardcore rap singer
AKA crack slinger, bring it any time nigga

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on

B Side, B side, ha, check it
So So Def ... Bad Boy ... collaboration
The Notorious BIG in the house
We got Da Brat in the house
And me, y'all know who I be
Check it ...

I got that shit all you niggas just love to ride to
Funk for your trunk is what I provide you
So slide through your hood with me in your deck
Cause your correct way to get your groove on FLOMPS
And I paid the costs to be the boss as a kid
Fucked around and made some shit you can't fuck with
They thought luck did it, but it didn't cause I'm back again
Back with the Big and my new-found friend

Sliding in from the front, never way behind
Niggas wonder how I came with this style of mine
Remain in your seats as I release the clip into yo' hip
Brat and Biggie Smalls...

Aw, shit! 
On top of all that, I'm so, so remarkable,
Flow to make you motherfuckers know
Ain't an MC coming close to touch
Bitches I like to fuck, guns I like to bust, so...

Lay on back, light up the blunts
As we give you motherfuckers just what you want

Lay on back, light up the blunts
As we give you motherfuckers just what you want

I never knew, niggas had a clue 
On who was the king of the street
More deep than a Range Rover jeep, guns under the seat
And my nigga just came home from work, release 
Cristal in my lap, chronic in the air
(Brat: Nigga, pass that shit like you just don't care)
Yeah, you on my shit list, Biggie burns spliffs
when I'm pissed, release the Rolex from your wrist
Nigga, no human being, Korean or European
be seein' what Big be seein', I leave 'em peein'
in they draws, because Biggie Smalls 
Is far from weak -- Brat-tat-tat, please speak ... 
(Brat: Nigga, close your eyes, cause you already see
  the Notorious B-R-A-T)
The raw combination, the destination, 
Number one tote a gun with no hestiation
Live with the funkdafied cutie pie
Gat by the thigh, the Smalls by her side
If you fuck with her you got to fuck with me
And we'll be rapping at your motherfuckin' eulogy, so ...

Lay on back, light up the blunts
As we give you motherfuckers just what you want

Brat-tat-tat-tat, please speak ...

I got the funk in my pocket, shit stay locked down
The nigga you know who represent them platinuim sounds
Now baby Biggie, I done heard that Juicy
Didn't find nuthin but truth, in the hook B
You're pledging to wreck with a notorious nigga ready to die
jump in the Benz, took me a little ride
round the mountain, broke a left, hit SoSoDef
and told the nigga JD I was the one, fuck the rest
We Funkdafied, kicking it live
Robin Leach teach a nigga how to really survive
Whether it be track or blunt, ain't no need to front
Got what you need, and I take everything you ever wanted, nigga
We comin' mass, his pimpin' ass, his glass is full of Moet
The Rolex is bar-bayed, parkade, B to the R-A, T
Rolling off swoll on chrome 17

Lay on back, light up the blunts
As we give you motherfuckers just what you want

Lay back, listen to the B-Side
Slide, glide, do whatever you want
Get out your lighters
We be the rhyme writers
Starters ... from the heart of College Park,
New York, Chicago ... wherever you wanna go

Yeah, ninety-six, for my Nordstrom Ave niggas
My Fulton Street niggas (hardcore for ninety-six)
Dangerous MC's

Uhh (check it out) uhh
Diamonds on my neck, chrome drop-top
Chillin' on the scene, smokin' pounds of green
Oooh-wee, you see, the ugliest
Money-hungriest, Brooklyn Loch Ness
Nine millimeter cock test, wan fi' test?
And the winner is

Y'all niggas know the rules
I blast on niggas so

My fist never bruise
Land-still-cruise, Frank White paid his dues
Ask who's the raw, bet they say Poppa very
Look forward to me like commissary
All of a sudden, now every-body Big Willie
Done did it, come widdit, get yo' head splitted
Or get your neck slitted, admit it, you overdid it
Your shit it, just ain't got that loud
Gold tooth shine like taa-dow
Biggie Smalls the illest and how, frays raise your eyebrow
By now you figure, he talkin' 'bout that nigga
But your weak-ass assumptions, lead lead to dumpin'
IV to pump-in, you're feeling something
Catch my drift, or catch my four-fifth lift
At least six inches, above project fences
Turn meat to minces, jumps turn to flinches
When I rain I drenches, cleared your park benches (HAH)
Missed you by pinches (HOO) your talk is senseless (RRUFF)
Actor needs chiropractor (HAH, HOO) for cracked jaw
Yes I rocked your chatterbox (hah)
Dangerous you're not I gets down (HOO)
Twist your body round and round, upside down

C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We 'bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's close the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

Uh-huh, make money hand over fist
The bo-vines roam where chickenhearts don't exist
Settin up shop, it's hands on in the hustle
Fakes don't kill nuttin' but time and don't tussle
The process of elimination, fresh rotation
Come and go and they death be starvation
In the heat of battle it's no rest for the weary
Snooze and you lose is the theory
The theory of a patient man, is wild beyond belief
Be afraid, you don't want beef with us chief
Your talk is cheap and the supply meets demand
Everything you can imagine is real man
And revenge be the dish I serve to cats cold
Stay up on about ten folds, you know how it goes
You know the streets and it's real as shit, c'mon
Niggas grab your dicks, c'mon
Bitches rub your tits, c'mon

C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We 'bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's close the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

Aww nah, big Snoop Dogg
Slap you with my paw, all across your jaw
Break fool on these bitches while I'm breakin' the law
You come up in my room look bitch you takin' it off
Follow me, I slip 'em slide 'em rip 'em ride 'em provide 'em
With that West coast G shit, L.B.C. Shit
We dips to this, make chips to this
And buy brand new whips and shit, uh-huh (beyotch)
I bet you didn't know that yo' bitch was suckin' dick (say what?)
Who you think she fuckin' with? (What?) Look here
My, Eastside lifestyle is way foul, move the crowd
Point a pistol at you bitch niggas, blaa-dow
How you like me now? (What what, what?)
You got stuck and fucked, Doggystyle
100 spokes Day-tonas, bendin' the corner
All up in Crooklyn, bad bitches are lookin'

C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We 'bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's close the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

So you lovin' us so much this shit is bleedin' through you
If I worked in a resteraunt
I'd shit in the food and feed it to you
Most of my niggas cuckoo, easy to gas to shoot you
Even all of them Haitian niggas
Won't believe this voodoo
Can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois
And kick you in your face like we playin' a game of soc-cer
I love to cock the Glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka
And fuck your crew because all of y'all niggas full of ca-ca
The way we doin' damage tell me how the fuck you manage
With my niggas who marinate on foul thoughts and think savage
Them niggas'll throw you in a manhole
And push they hand in yo' ass
And pull yo' head right out yo' asshole!
Parkay nigga we rugged all day nigga
You ready to fuck bitch? Fuck the foreplay nigga
This me for all consumers, my nigga fuck the rumors
Three in the worst way of pure coke for all you drug abusers 

Yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We 'bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's close the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

Yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We 'bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's close the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon

Bad boy baby
Yeah, yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah
Yeah, B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again, c'mon

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke, gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer, motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace, smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin' the floor, and me hittin' the clit'
Suckin' on the tits! Had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin' Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man, she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC
G's disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Found your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin'
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

There's several different levels to Devil worshippin' horse's heads
Human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals havin' sex with 'em, camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit, I just
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a nine in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin', red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third
Then she's dead on the fourth, I'm dead wrong

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

As I sit back relax
Steam a blunt, sip a Becks
Think about the sexy singers that I want to sex
I'd probably go to jail
For fuckin' Patti Labelle
Ooh Regina Belle, she'd probably do me swell
Jasmine Guy was fly
Mariah Carey's kinda scary
Wait a minute, what about my honey Mary?
The jeans they fittin' like a glove
I had a crush on you since Real Love
Hold your horses
I'mma show ya who the boss of intercourse is
Sex, I'm takin' no losses
Even groups like SWV and TLC
Can't see B.I.G. wit telepathy
The recipe of picture hardcore wit a gun
Pimpin' ain't easy but it Sure is fun
When I bust my nuts
I bust 'em one by one
So what's the 4-1-1 hun?
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
but I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
but I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
I'm sayin'
I'll put Chante Moore pussy in stitches
I'll fuck Rupaul..
Before I fuck them ugly ass X-scape bitches
You can 76 the 69... try 68
Did Raven Simone call date rape?
Only 'cause I'm paid
I'm fuckin' all of Jade
And my DJ Zhane she likes it when they say
Everybody... move your body
Got Whitney Houson boostin' from Bobby
As I bust your cherry yo face lookin' scarry
Backshots to Chaka... I know that pussy hairy
Sade... ooh I know that pussy tight
Smacked Tina Turner give her flashbacks of Ike
Smoke a stone
fuckin em bone
I'm doin all of them
Jimmy hats for Patra
I'm usin' all of them
(What about Toni Braxton?)
If that bitch give me action...
Guaranteed satisfaction
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
but I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
but I'm sayin'
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B; bitch
I'm just playin'
but I'm sayin'

I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle

I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like you's the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way, mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray, so you can reminisce
And wish, you wasn't living so devilish, shit
I remember I was just like you
Smoking blunts with my crew, flippin' over 62's
'Cause GED wasn't B-I-G
I got P-A-I-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out nicks went for 20 down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock 19 for casket and flower moves
For chumps tryin' to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court
For an assault that I caught in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, 'cause man

I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle

I had the master plan, I'm in the Caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Two-TEC's to take over this projects
They call him Two-TEC's, he tote two TEC's
And when he start to bust, he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack
In the crack of her ass, two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon' to make some quick cash
I told her she could be lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally lounging, black
Sitting back, counting double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead, with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard TEC got murdered in a town I never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch, swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks, I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble
In the everyday struggle

I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle

I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Giuliani
Ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to John Gotti
My daughter use a potty so she's older now
Educated street knowledge, I'ma mould her now
Trick a little dough buying young girls fringes
Dealing with the dope fiend binges, seeing syringes
In the veins, hard to explain how I maintain
The crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
Breaking days on the set, no sweat
Drunk off Moet, can't bag yet because it's still wet
But when that dry, bagging five at a time
I can clock about nine on the check cashing line
I had the first and the third, rehearse, that's my word
Thick in the game, D's knew my first name
Should I quit? Shit no, even though they had me scared
Yo, they got a eight, I got a TEC with air holes

And that's just how the shit go in the struggle, mothafucka
Hah, come on, what you say?

I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle

Junior M.A.F.I.A. right
Yeah, rock on, woo!
Biggie Smalls, right

This love is tainted
I need you and I hate it
You're caught between a dream
And a movie scene
In a way, you know what I mean

When the dark turns to mist, I just can't resist it

'Cause I'm a fool for you and the things you do
I'm a fool for you and the things, the things you do
The things you do, the things you do

When you're looking like this
I just can't resist it
I know sometimes I hide it
But I can't this time 'cause it's gonna defeat me
But you won't believe me, believe me

'Cause I'm a fool for you and the things you do
I'm a fool for you and the things, the things you do

I know, I know given a chance I'd do it again
'Cause I can't help myself
'Cause I can't stop myself
I just love being a fool for you

'Cause I'm a fool for you and the things you do
I'm a fool for you and the things, the things you do

This love is tainted

Fabolous, Funk Flex Vol. 4 niggas see'mon
It's gettin' hard to dodge the women
But I'm still pitching hard white balls
Faster than Roger Clemens,
Ya know the kid with the O's
That's as large as linens
When it comes to sellin' trees
I'm as large as Timberland
My lawyer got my charges slimmin'
He said the only way I am goin upstate
If it's in larger swimmin'
Pull out the garage like gremlins
Anarge with trimmins
System in it that have the projects tremblin'
Ya know nothin' about lettin' a few strays go off
Ya only reach for your hip when your two ways go off
Shots'll fly by your head
Your toup blow off
I ain't crip I'm just a blue gray show off
Ghetto fab I more than rap for my bucks
Keep two 9's on me like Warren Sapp from the Buccs
The word I'm ballin' be flowin' to the fed Jakes
And I keep chicks on my lap throwin' me head fakes
Nigga I walk around with the grams you stackin'
And me and Flex don't roll unless they Andrew Jackson
It's Brooklyn by me the crook the I-B ya even look
At ID you gettin' hooked to I-V
Motherfuckers huh

Fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes, all my niggas know
Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique, Gucci Don, you know how we play
Fuckin' scandalous-ass bitches; you know how it go, Gooch
I meet a bitch, fuck a bitch
Next thing you know you fuckin' the bitch
You just pass it around and shit, pass the shit like a cold and shit
Fuck 'em

Now when I'm fucking off gin I'm invincible
Don't love no ho, that's my principle
'Cause uh, bitches come (and uh) bitches go
That's why I get my nut and I be out the fucking door
You know they might be the one to set me up
Want to get they little brother to wet me up
That's why I tote TECs and stuff to get them off my case
Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
I don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
And when I see the semen I'm leaving
Bitches be scheming, I kid you not
That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked
One ho said, "Big, why you so hard on us?
Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?"
Thug nigga until the end, tell a friend bitch
'Cause when I like you, then you go and fuck my friend bitch
(And you know that ain't right)

You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine

You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep them in flavors like Timbos and Girbauds
Bitches just like to play the merry-go (Yeah we know, drop the scenario)
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knocking some Wu-tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the G's obsolete
Don't sleep, banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rapping to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got G
Now she fucking him and fucking me, see
You know that ain't right

You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine

Uh now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star
I be cruising up the block, I be passing her
Pimping hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, scheming on a gang-bang
She should have used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's saying I dissed her 'cause I'm fucking her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets them pissed, uh
But she started that fucking family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me? (True)
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass

You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right, with a friend of mine

Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money

You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo'
Play Nintendo with Cease and Nino
Pick up my phone say "Poppa not home"
Sex all night, mad head in the morn'
Spin my V, smoke all my weed
Tattoo on tittie saying "B-I-G". Now check it:
You wanna be my main squeeze, baby
Don'tcha? You want to give me what I need, baby
Won'tcha picture life as my wife? Just think
Full-length mink, fat X and O links
Bracelets to match, conversation was all that
Showed you the safe combinations and all that
Guess you could say you'se the one I trusted
Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard?
Shit got hot: you sent Feds to my spot
Took me to court, tried to take all I got
Another intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her
"Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?"
My Moschino ho, my Versace hottie
Come to find out you was fucking everybody
You knew about me, the fake ID
Cases in Virginia, body in D.C
Woe! Oh is me - that's what I get for trickin'
Pay my own bail, commence to ass-kickin'
Lick in the door, waving the .44
All you heard was "Poppa don't hit me no more!"
Disrespect my clique, my shit's imperial
Fuck around and made her milk box material
You feel me? Sucking dick, running your lips
Cause of you, I'm on some real "fuck-a-bitch" shit

Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck niggas, get money

Niggas better grab a seat
Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep
Deeper than the pussy of a bitch 6 feet
Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite
Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down
Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound
Now I'm Billboard, now niggas press to hit it
Play me like a chicken, thinking I'm pressed to get it
Rather do the killing than the stick-up jukes
Rather count a million while you eat my pussy
Push me to the limit, get my feelings in it
Get me open while I'm cumming down your throat
Then, you wanna be my main squeeze, nigga
Don'tcha? You wanna lick between my knees, nigga
Don'tcha want to see me whippin' your 3 down the Ave
Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad
Break up affairs, lick shots in the air
You get vexed and start swinging everywhere
Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me
Pull out your 9 while I cock on mine
Yeah, what nigga? I ain't got time for this
So what, nigga? I'm not trying to hear that shit
Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits
Adrienne Vittadini and Chanel 9 boots
Things that make up for all the games and the lies
Hallmark cards saying "I apologize"
Is you with me? How could you ever deceive me?
But payback's a bitch, motherfucker, believe me
Naw I ain't gay, this ain't no lesbo flow
Just a lil something to let you motherfuckers know

Yeah, mothafuckas better know
I'm a bad bad bad
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls

My man Inf left a TEC and a 9 at my crib
Turned his self in, he had to do a bid
A 1-to-3, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G: you with me?

Motherfucking right, my pockets looking kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest

No need for that, just grab the fucking gat
The first pocket that's fat, the TEC is to his back
Word is bond, I'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (what?)
Treat it like boxing, stick and move, stick and move

Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbing motherfuckas since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same .45
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogart
Have his mother singing, "It's so hard."

Yes, love, love your fucking attitude
Because the nigga play pussy, that's the nigga that's getting screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whipping
Welts on the neck from the necklace stripping
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too
Up the herringbones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're pregnant
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant

I'm slamming niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal, I rob and steal
'Cause mom dukes ain't giving me shit
So for the bread and butter I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fucking angel dust
When I bust my gat, mothafuckas take dirt naps
I'm all that, and a dime sack, where the paper at?

When he's sticking you and taking all of your money

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up
And I'm shooting niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sending mom duke a wreath
You're talking to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant
'Cause when I lick shots, them shits is persistent

Goodness gracious, the papers!
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug .357 slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip

One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckas better strip, (yeah nigga, peel)
Before you find out how blue steel feel

From the Beretta, putting all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckas don't know better
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckas can't stop it

Man niggas come through I'm taking high school rings too
Bitches get strangled for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her doorknockers
And if she's resistant, blakka, blakka, blakka

So go get your man bitch, he can get robbed too

Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (when he's sticking you and taking all your money)

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad bad bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Man listen, all this walking is hurting my feet
Ooh money looks sweet

Where?

In the Isuzu jeep

Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar

Ooh Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the gat

Yo chill shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot

Oh shit the cops

Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts

So why the fuck he keep looking?

I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see central booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, 'cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucka going out for the loot

Take that motherfuckers

When the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth of that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-a-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed, sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick sucked
And my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'mna spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)

If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breast in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon' stop, giving LA props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin' Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)

Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light
I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A
Bust on bitches belly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits
Fuck hoes exquisite
Cali, great place to visit

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (Going back to Cali)

[Chorus]
"I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up."
"I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up."
"I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up."
"I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up."

Whether gettin' money legally or illegally
We gotta do what we gotta do to survive man! 
Yeah! Grew up a screw up, baby 
Got introduced to the game
I ain't took a breath yet 
Let's go! 

[Ludacris] 
Ever since I was an embryo, waitin' to shape up and ship out 
Somethin' in my brain said, "Wake up and kick out!" 
Roberta and Wayne stayed up and flipped out 
'Cause when I came, I was draped up and dripped out 
Snip the umbilical, spit the government chip out 
Peace out, A-Town gone and then I dipped out 
And, oh my gosh, the Osh Kosh was picked out 
I slipped in, even my baby stroller was tricked out 
Somebody get him, the lil' nigga's out of control 
Put a lil' bit of rum in my bottle; I'll dream about diamonds and gold 
Gold, gold, to grow from an infant to toddler was effervescent 
The essence of adolescence got my body feelin' fresh'n 
Fresh'n, fresh'n, and it was a blessin' to rhyme and start reppin'
I was the best in my section with flows harder than erections 
Still the best, but now I'm grown with more range than a tec's 
And I'm a heavyweight; you niggaz is lighter than my complexion 

[Chorus]

[Young Jeezy] 
Hey
Y'all already know what it is 
I'm a tell you, nigga 
C.T., know what it is, 'bout 17-5 
Homey fronted me a sip, shit, I made it a bird 
That's seventeen and a half, all I need is the word 
Say, the ice is cool but them pots is hot 
You better cook slow but that money come fast 
I got what you need; I hope you brought all the cash 
You know the kid pimpin' all over the world 
A hundred carats got me all over your girl 
Yeah, five freaks and my Gucci duffle bag 
A corporate thug; I run with a Playaz Circle 
I got a Field Mob that'll disturb your peace  
Blowin' Sean Jay, all we do is smoke 
Finish countin' my bread, and I was gettin' some head 
Whassup? 

[Chorus]

[Ludacris] 
I'm a be all the way real with this, look 
When I came into the game, they ain't do nothin' but doubt me 
Now the whole game's changed and it ain't nothin' without me 
Pickin' up my sloppy seconds as they reach for the crown 
Only reason you on that song is 'cause I turned that down 
I went from Hot Wheels to big wheels, Hyundais to Bentleys 
And five course meals, no more Popeye's and Blimpie's 
From alright to handsome, from one room to mansions 
From hangin' on the block to throwin' parties in the Hamptons 
From broke as a joke to rich as a bitch, I bought a 
Plane and a boat and six other whips, no Marta 
From dice on the curb to stackin' up chips, but harder 
From birds on my nerves to chicks on my dick! 
Guard your women, dog 
I went from ashy to classy 
Went from a kiss on the cheek to doin' the nasty 
Reach your hand up in the air, and you can play with the stars 
It's not the hand that you're dealt, but how you're playin' your cards, boy! 

[Chorus]

Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

When I die, fuck it I wanna go to (hell)
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit' the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion

Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

I swear to God I just want to (slit) my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm (dead), a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe (suicide's) on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies

Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

I reach my peak, I can't speak,
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
I'm sick of niggaz lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' [echoes]

Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger
Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya
Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser
Watch me erase ya, misplace ya
Put you in the back with the derelicts
Yeah, I pop plenty shit
Chump, I'm making hits
No time for the crack rock and shit
Took it to another level
Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils
Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree
Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me
Hoes I thought you know I'm smooth as a babies ass
Smooth as Teeddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass
The Brooklyn born Teflon don, wrecking shop
Getting props, proving nobody drops
Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit
And niggas just can't understand it
I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton
You know my shit is hitting
Yeah ya'll a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls
Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in they drawers
For the burner, catch a body
I got styles like karate
Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you
Like a cantaloupe
Hope you got a rope to hang yourself
I rob for self, from Brooklyn, where else
Fat like a Lexus coupe, I'll rip your troop
Not even Lois Lane could get the scoop
What you think I'm stupid
My crew is mad deep
I hope you niggas sleep

I throw a bomb through you window
Burn you up and your hoe
I catch your mama going to therapy
And cut her throat
You lil' sister walking home from school
I abduct her, then I fuck her
I hit ya park close up with the Louisville Slugger
BGeezy is the hustla, ignorant motherfucker
I was taught how to bust heads by the best head busters
Cluckers, you know I got 'em, two for one, my nigga
I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on

Thuggin is my thing, if I'm beefing I'm banging
Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper
Haters, I don't like 'em, bitches, I don't trust'em
Niggas, I can't stand 'em, I creep down and pluck'em
Strap tsay in my hand, I gotta protect mine
Niggas trying to pull it off, pop goes the nine
That's how it gotta be in these uptown streets
And a nigga like me, I play this game for keep

I remember when niggas slang heroin up in balloons
I paid attention to everything, from killings to cartoons
Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room, bitch
Want some old nigga? Fuck with me, I'ma do 'em, shit
Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him
Put my foot in their rectum right after I dome checked 'em
I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey
Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary
Everybody whisper in ears when they gonna mention me
I been out doing it for years, since elementary
Real good relationship with guns and drugs
Because my whole neighborhood consists of crook and thugs
Everything is my own shit 'cause I don't fuck with scrubs
I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club
Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub
Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, 'cause that's what I love

I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with
Don't have no picks and chooses who get they head split
They die quick, fucking with Turk, wodie get whacked
Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back
And trust that, ain't 'bout to let no nigga steal me
Fuck that, I bust back with a .223
Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep
Innocent people move cause somebody fixing to get split

Na, na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy
Come from under my shirts and flip 'em and reverse 'em
I'm coming so alert them
'Fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting
You haven't seen the worst and
I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog
Could kill you so run, dash, get gone
Wodies movi'n slow around this time they got bricks dog
I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what

Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever
Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh
Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again
And we won't stop, get money niggas

Akon and B. I.G. yeah

Niggaz talkin' it but ain't livin' it
Cristyle pop I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit
Gator chunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the willyist of the Willie
Hitch link cop, M1's and 9-Milli's, stories like a motherfucker

Model bitch is wonderin' if I'ma fuck with her
She knows I treat my bitches like gavana
Dolce and Gabbana drippin', Big Poppa never slippin'
H-Class diamond, shinin', dinner with wifey whinin', dinin'

Smokin' cigars and Bogatar with Columbian nigga's
Named Panama and Enrique and shit, games we play, life endin'
Bitches bendin' over with ease for a pair of Moschino jeans

Donna Karan Tank-top I got your bank stock, say who's on top?
Benjamins under the rest of them, advancing from duplex to mansion
Stashin' keys, hidin' g's over seas, VCR's in my veins
Game elevates, money I make into stocks and real estate, bitch
Jet-skiing in the Caribbean, white sand, discussin' plans with my man

Dark blue land, smoke tint, chrome rims
And a system that leave my rear views trembling
Whatchu gonna do when poppa catch ya attitude
Drop to your knees and show gratitude
Kiss my ring, it's a frank white thing
I stay potent, bitches devoted, take my dick and deep throat it

Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine
Lookin' for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design

Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin'
Is there any money out there for me?
You just listen to this hustler's story

Picture me, a product of the zone three
Scareless, don't know what I am supposed to be
Shit 'cause, money never came to me
When shit shout, I suffered unshamelessly

The Lord humble nigga's especially if they act like
They too big for they draws when they stacks right
Think I'm bullshittin' a buncha niggas back like
Right back home hungry, they stacks gone they forget price

I know a nigga sold his soul for a nickel rock
I know some hoe's for some dro you can hit the cock
I know a nigga workin' 9-5 been on it
Fifteen years ain't got a car to drive

I know some niggas wanna act hard flicks bitch
Fake jack boys, can't rob, get killed
Got kinfolk back yard big whips
That's got to lift my homeboys this year

Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine
Lookin' for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design

Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin'
Is there any money out there for me?
You just listen to this hustler's story

Akon, while B.I.G. is sittin' up with Enrique
I'm on the coastline politician' with Jose
We got the birds flyin' in the Coupe all day
Tryin' to find a new way to smuggle in pure yay

We 'bout our business, ain't no small time thiefs
If you ain't growing the caine then we ain't gonna meet
See, I am the one to call when things get deep
And my Africans will put your main man to sleep

Now, in Mexico far from the block
Tryin' to figure out how many glocks to a box
Now, sellin' arms is what has rocks in my socks
If you can show me the money, here's the keys to the lock

Now, yeah, you know the streets is my territory
Ain't scared of nothing, let you fear it for me
Yeah, whether win, lose or draw
Believe the death is waiting for all

Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine
Lookin' for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design

Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin'
Is there any money out there for me?
You just listen to this hustler's story

Nigga's is quick to chuck rocks and hide hands
Make a break for it, get away from it
That was the plan but

The whole time I've been plotting on this man
Caught him slipping and sleepin'
I hit his ass with the cane
Here's something that you can't understand
How can one be so cold and snatch a nigga so down

I am on some get back shit, there comes a time
In every mans mind when he's deeper than dollar signs
I been on the grind, got homies doing time
Behind niggas actin' like bitches and bitches droppin' dimes

Duckin' and dockin', pussy's is red wise
Niggaz is been telling no, there ain't no way that it slimmed
But nothin', we gotta ride and and we gotta die
So you catch up to his ass before I catch up, give him mine
But that's one thing the real nigga here despise
I'm a 5K one killer, I've set his ass on fire

Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine
Lookin' for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design

Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin'
Is there any money out there for me?
You just listen to this hustler's story

Uh, uh, uh, c'mon

Hah, sicka than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink, pink gators,
My Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there ery'night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do something to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (hehehe)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, haha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin ain't sayin' nuttin' (nope) so I just
Speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my piece
Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps
Packin', askin' who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah)

I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (that's right)
All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino (c'mon)
Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi (hah!)
Now who's the real dookie, meanin' who's really the shit
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks
On the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass
Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plantiff
Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement (shhh)
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (not guilty)
Richer than Richie, till you niggas come and get me

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

I can fill ya wit' real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it buy a new one
Your crew run run run, your crew run run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit'
Flows girls say he's sweet like licorice
So get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (that's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin' (uh) for certain,
Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo
Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly
Hit 'em wit' the force like Obe, dick black like Toby (Obe, Toby)
Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe show me, homey (say what, homey)

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Who why'all talkin to man?
Uhh
Check it out, check it out
This here goes out
To all the niggaz that be fuckin mad bitches
In other niggaz cribs
Thinkin shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
Live niggaz respect it, check it

I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfuckin hoes for ya
Niggaz think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
Sweetness, where you parked at?
Petiteness but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga want to eat that, I'm fuckin' witchu
The bitch official doe, dick harder than a missile yo
Try to hit if she trippin dissapearin like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-oh
With the five in front, probably a connivin stunt
Why'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her
Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
Then we all get laced
Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em
The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressin me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playin gainst the Utah Jazz
My 112, CD blast, I was past
She came twice I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown
Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home
Yep, tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this
Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him
Before this fist put a spark to him
Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him, arm, leg
She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer
Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey bring me up somethin to drink!"
He go back downstairs more time to think
Her brain racin, she's tellin me to stay patient
She don't know I'm, cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't want to blast her man
But I can and I will doe, I probably chill doe
Even though situation lookin kinda ill yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Play the cut, nigga comin off some love potion shit
Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass screamin, "Don't blast here's the stash,
A hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pullin mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prater knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the five, call my niggaz on the cell
Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uh

We push the hottest V's, peel fast
Through the city, play Monopoly with real cash
Me and Biggie and the models be, shaking they saditty ass
And Parada be, somethin' you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Bein' broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan'
Scope the spot out, see somethin' nice and I'm gone
You cats is home, screamin' the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin Ty-son
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playin' right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
And any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it?  Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles bone chicks that favor Idalis
And rack up frequent flier mileage

Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

I'm poppin' Magnums while Jigga bag somethin'
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
Flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CD's and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesus, dipped in H classes
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in big mustaches
Rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot
On the Range, way niggas look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Carribean sands with Rachael
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, ewww
Still tote steel, tryin' to see five mil
Off the sin-gle, for real
You ain't fazin' the amazin'
While your gun's raisin', mine is blazin'
See you on see me all talkin' to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocka, Roc-a-Fella, Bad Boy collabo
Two MC's with mad dough, you know

I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

Miraculous, pockets stay full
Niggas skip the bull 'cause we matadors
Snatch the P89s that we pack in the drawers
And we clap the doors of your Acuras
Snap like cameras on amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws
Everybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like The Beatles, y'all adapt you lost
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all
Ain't too many as bad as yours truly
Do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all

Uhh, uhh
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts on horseback
Ridin', decidin', cracked crab, or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper
Niggas is actors, niggas deserve Oscars
Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug past your brain
Reminesce on dames who, coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile everytime he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfield-ers
Half these rappin' cats, ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make 'em dash like Dame

I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

Wooo! There's gonna be a lot of punchin' in this motherfucker
Y'all better be swift with that punch button Jack
Biggie, Biggie

I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like youse the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray, so you can reminisce
and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, shit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin' blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's
'Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G
I had to get P-A-I-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock 19 for casket and flower moves
For chumps tryin' to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
Smoking mad Newports 'cause I'm due in court
For an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, 'cause man

Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you
How I run the streets, I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's, I really wanna show you
Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you

I had the master plan
I'm in the Caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Two-TECs to take over this projects
They call him Two-TECs, he tote two TECs
And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak
With the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon' to make some quick cash
I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin' black
Sittin' back, countin' double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard TEC got murdered in a town I never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble
In the everyday struggle

Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you
How I run the streets, I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's, I really wanna show you
Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you

I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani
Ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to John Gotti
Guns and diamonds
Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin'
Take ki's 'til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment
This kid he got his crib rated, police found grams
They locked up, his whole fam, moms, sister, his old man
Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man
Now they home, actin' like nuttin' wrong, hustlin' again
He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar
Pickin' up coke, a fiend holds it in a separate car
Cooks it up 'til it's bright white, cut it tight right
Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin' like Fright Night
Coppin' the motorbikes, the scooters, countin' dough on computers
High technology dealers, to the users and losers
Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's
Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB
My niggaz die for the cause, .45 on the drawer
City laws made by Big, Nas and Biggie Smalls
Bitches, holdin' my weight in they titties and bras
My bitches out of state get busy while they pushin' my cars
Callin' me up, callin' me baller, call for they cut
Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut
Seats on the Bent' say 'Nasty'
Push the dash for the stash box is where the cash be, watchin' for task force
'Cause I know they comin' but I'm reachin' my goal
Fuck bummin', I'm makin' sure I leave this whole game wit somethin'
Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms
Ridiculous, you lookin' at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby

Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you
How I run the streets, I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's, I really wanna show you
Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you

Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you
How I run the streets, I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's, I really wanna show you
Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you

Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you
How I run the streets, I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's, I really wanna show you
Come and roll with me, I really wanna show you

Yeah, yeah
You don't even hear me
You can't see me (ah)
Wish I could touch you
Show you how I love you, but
You don't even hear me
You can't see me
Wish I could touch you
Show you how I love you, but (love you, but)
But, you don't even hear me
Wish there was something I could do (I could do)
For you, to hear me (ah)
I need you to hear me
'Cause I miss you (I miss you)
I really do (I really do)
Miss you

R.I.P Big
We some niggaz that's gonna make you proud of this game
Smell me? (Jones, Capo)
Cash Money (Santana)
Dipset (Lil Weezy)
Let's Ride

'Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Watch It)
Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Weezy)

Mad trees and bitches in dungarees
The city under seas, kitchen 100 degrees
I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it until it freeze
I'm from another breed, them sss, southern g's
I sip phemetrazine, I lean, I stand tall
I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball
Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right
Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life
You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife
In a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat schwork
So be smart and play your own part
If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart
And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell
Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the ail
Yea, so tell your girl to come and make me rich
Weezy Baby nigga, 9 to 5, 10 to 6

All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
(Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
It's showdown time, throwdown time
Same d-off, four pound time
Clack Clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine
Check it man, I'm wit whatever
Goodness gracious the paper
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
I'll blow that ass back for fronting on a nigga like me
You got nothing on a nigga like me, you'll see
I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down
If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now
I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred
Keep it coming til I'm full on my stomach
I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my hase
Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays
I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga
Trying to get rid of the life, alright?

All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
(Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?

Uhh, uh
Yeah
Uhh, uhh 
Uh! Yeah, yeah
Uhh
I'm on
Fuck 'em, yeah, uhh
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Fuck her, never knew her
Screw her, (dump her body, dump her body) sewer
Our father, uh-huh

What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, Glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin'
Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wesson is depressin'
Niggas keep stressin', the same motherfuckin' question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
And my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake

Fluck that
Snap a nigga shit, smash him with the fifth, watch his body lift
Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin', hit her body quick
Got me like the trifest not knowin' how my life is
My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike is
The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers
Did it with the Glocks, spit it witcha pops, you was in diapers
Loved me when you came to Rikers
Hated me all in the free cypher, mad you can't be like us
Some murderers who turn bikers, see Biggie Smalls
Recruited these snipers, alumni do it just like us
Some pied pipers, squeezin' life out y'all
It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor
If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin' his palm
Paralyzin, my niggas thorough kid, how 'bout yours?
Real quick to screw a nigga then, hop out four
Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours
Bitch nigga, whoah

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake

Yo when you fuckin' wit MAC, you fuckin' wit the best
Still goin' to war with them dusty TECs
Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit
Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith
Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it
Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic
When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even
So when niggas get hit, they be cryin' screamin'
Lyin' bleedin', from that iron steamin'
And I ain't tryin' to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it
Niggas start bitchin', when that pistol in they face
Or I sick two pits to come and get you in your place
If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin' my bitch
Hear take this shit, crackin' the brick, facin' that shit
Takin' two sniffs, grabbin' my shit
Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggas takin' some shit
Picture niggas takin' my shit

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake

Niggas never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie
In the year 2000, all drunk and pissy
Off whiskey, you can miss me, actin' gay
He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A.
Doin' it the OG way, it's sorta like
The Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me
So this is dedicated to the memory of
The Notorious One, the glorious one
And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine
Cock my nine, and seperate yo' head from yo' spine
So, "Grab yo' dicks if you love hip-hop" and
Fuck you niggas that shot Big Pop'
The conspiracy, of this nation, for assassination
Of the young black male in this black hell
And I can tell, no matter the weather
That you and Tupac got yo' shit together
California Love

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our father, if I should die before I wake

Push 
C'mon she almost there push c'mon 
C'mon c'mon push it's almost there 
One more time c'mon 

C'mon push baby one more time 
Harder harder push harder 
Push push c'mon 
One more time here it goes 
I see the head
Yeah c'mon 
Yeah
Yeah
You did it baby yeah

The hibby, the hibby dibby hip hop and ya don't stop 
Rock it out baby bubba, to the boogedy bang bang 
The boogey to the boogedy beat 
Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin', to the beat 

God damnit Voletta, what the fuck are you doin'?
You can't control that goddamn boy? (What?)
I just saw Mr. Johnson, he told me he caught the motherfucking boy shoplifting 
What the fuck are you doing? 
You can't control the guy, I don't know what the fuck to do with that boy
(What the fuck do you want me to do?)
If if you can't fucking control that boy, I'ma send him
(All you fucking do is bitch at me)
Bitch, bitch, I'ma send his motherfuckin' ass to a group home goddamnit, what?
I'll smack the shit outta you bitch, what, what the fuck?
(Kiss my black ass motherfucker)
You're fuckin' up
(Comin' in here smelling like sour socks you dumb motherfucker) 

Gizmo's cuttin', up for the 
Suckers that's, down with me

What nigga you want to rob them motherfuckin' trains you crazy? 
Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin' right, nigga yes 
Nigga what the fuck nigga? 
We gonna get
Nigga it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke? 
Yeah nigga but, but
Motherfucker is you broke motherfucker? 
We need to get some motherfuckin' paper nigga 
Nigga it's a train ain't nobody robbed no motherfuckin' train 
Just listen man, your mother givin' you money nigga? 
My moms don't give me shit nigga, it's time to get paid nigga 
Is you wit me? Motherfucker is you wit me? 
Yeah I'm wit you nigga c'mon 
Alright then nigga lets make it happen then 
All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin' floor 
Get on the motherfuckin' floor
Chill, give me all your motherfuckin' money 
And don't move nigga
I want the fuckin' jewelry 
Give me every fuckin' thing 
Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or I'ma blow your motherfuckin' brains out 
Shut the fuck up bitch, give me your fuckin' money motherfucker
Fuck you bitch, get up off that shit 
What the fuck you holdin' on to that shit for bitch? 

Open C74, Smalls 
Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door 
So how does it feel leavin' us? 
C'mon man, what kind of fuckin' question is that man? 
Tryin' to get the fuck up out this joint dog 
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back 
You niggaw always are 
Go head man, what the fuck is you hollerin' about? 
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no more 
We'll see 
I got big plans nigga, big plans

(feat. P. Diddy, Eminem, Obie Trice)

Ih.. ih, ih (it has been)
It has been, it has been, it has been
It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed
Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?}
Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead
Money power respect, street cred, yeah
It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh}
Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners
Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners
Notorious tried to warn us
We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha}
Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap
Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact
these tragic events, which lead us back
To where we left off on March 9th
To come from such hard knock lifes
And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights
And, once they're on us this is our lives
Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us
to see who can last the longest
And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh}
In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from
It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin
Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies
And applies to his persona or the sizes
in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people
To the point that you know that he's gangster
He ain't just say shit, you just believe it

Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big
I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?}
It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn
This I took in, sent chills through my skin
Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him
It's what excited Obie to write these poems
Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken
Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies
When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah}
Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind
Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind
Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind
Get up out the system, who could give him better signs
No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes
So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh}
That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I.

I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind
Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time
I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed
Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess
Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?}
All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion
And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is
The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace...
This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna
And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother...
On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah}
And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact
An immaculate concept, extravagant progress
Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless"
Regardless to critics yellin that East/West
I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh}
And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual
Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally!
I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest
Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga!

All these memories of you
And all the things we use to do
There was [?] that could ever explain
And there is no way I could ever replace you
When you walked into my life, it was only the beginnin'
Of something real and so perfect
Now lookin' back, it was worth it

Thinkin' back on all the times (all the time)
That we use to fuss and fight (ohh)
Maybe we would get it right, but there was no time to apologize

And I miss havin' you around (havin' you around)
I keep on picturin' your smile
There was no words that could ever explain
There was no way I could ever replace you

Thinkin' back on all the times (I keep thinkin' about the all the times)
That we use to fuss and fight (that we use to fuss and fight)
Maybe we would get it right but there was no time to apologize

No time for I'm sorry
No time for I'm sorry
Baby, it's too late
It was destiny for you

Uh, uh-huh, yeah
Uh, uh-huh, yeah (it's all about the Benjamins baby)
Uh, uh-huh, yeah (it's all about the Benjamins baby) (Goodfellas, uh)

Now, what y'all wanna do?
Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers?
Who be dippin' in the Benz with the spoilers
On the low from the Jake in the Taurus
Tryin' to get my hands on some Grants like Horace
Yeah livin' the raw deal, three course meals spaghetti, fettuccine, and veal
But still, everything's real in the field
And what you can't have now, leave in your will
But don't knock me for tryin' to bury
Seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery
Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard
On your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word
Swimmin' in women wit' they own condominiums
Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums
It's all about the Benjamins, what?
I get a fifty pound bag of Euk for the mutts
Five carats on my hands wit the cuts
In something European chromed out with a clutch, what (I wanna hold figures, fuck being a broke nigga)

Drinkin' malt liquor, drivin' a broke Viga
I'm with Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers
Rocking Girbaud denims with gold zippers
Lost your touch, we kept ours, poppin' Cristals
Freakin' the three-quarter reptiles
Enormous cream, forest green Benz jeep
For my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme
We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you
You should do what we do, stack chips like Hebrews
Don't let the melody intrigue you, 'cause I leave you
I'm only here for that green paper with the eagle

I'm strictly tryin' to cop those colossal-sized Picasso's
And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's
Tienda, with cash flowin' like Sosa
And a Latin chick transportin' in the chocha
Stampedin' over, pop Mo's, never sober
Flexin' Range Rovers dealin' weight by Minnesota
Avoidin' narcs with camcorders and Chevy Novas
Stash in the building with this chick named Willona
From Daytona, when I was young I wanted to bone her
But now I only hit chicks who win beauty pageants
Trickin' and takin' me skiin' at the Aspens, uh
Gangsta mental, stay poppin' Cristal
Pack a black pistol in the Ac' coupe that's dark brown
Pinkie ringin', gondolas with the man singin'
Italian music down the river with your chick clingin'
To my bizzalls, player, you mad false
Actin' hard when you as pussy as RuPaul's

Come on, come on
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)

Now, what y'all wanna do? (it's all about the Benjamins, baby)
Wanna be ballers, shot-callers (it's all about the Benjamins, baby)
Brawlers, who be dippin' in the Benz with the spoilers (it's all about the Benjamins, baby)
On the low from the Jake in the Taurus (uh, uh, what the blood clot?)

Wanna bumble with the Bee, huh?
Bzzz, throw a hex on the whole family
Dressed in all black like The Omen
Have your friends singin', "this is for my homie"
And you know me from makin' niggas so sick
Floss in my Six, with the 'Lex on the wrist
If it's murder, you know she wrote it
German Ruger for yo' ass, bitch, deepthroat it
Know you wanna feel the womb 'cause it's platinum-coated
Take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick
All that bullshit you kick, player-hatin' from the sidelines
Get your own shit, why you ridin' mine?
I'm a Goodfella kinda lady
Stash 380's in Mercedes, Puffy, hold me down, baby!
Only female in my crew and I kick shit like a nigga do
Pull the trigger too, fuck you (uh, uh, uh)

I been had skills, Cristal spill
Hide bills in Brazil, about a mill', the ice grill
Make it hard to figure me, liquor be kickin' me
In my asshole, undercover, Donnie Brasco
Left my East Coast girl the Bentley to twirl (uh-huh)
My West Coast shorty push the chrome 740
Rockin' Redman and Naughty, oh, where my kitty cat?
Half a brick of yay in the bra where her titties at
And I'm livin' that for life, we push weight
Fuck the state pen, fuck hoes at Penn State
Listen close, it's Francis, the Praying Mantis
Attack with the MAC, my left hand spit
Right hand grip on the whip for the smooth getaway
Player haters, get away or my lead will spray
Squeeze off 'til I'm empty, don't tempt me
Only to Hell I send thee, all about the Benjis, what

It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (uh-huh, yeah)
It's all about the Benjamins, baby (yeah, yeah, yeah)

Its Bad Boy bitch
Scram Jones the Clipse B.I.G.
Let's go

Niggas in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Muah!, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Leer
Yes my dear shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous you're just a Likkle Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success, escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death controls y'all
Big don't fold y'all, (big don't fold y'all)
I spit phrases that'll thrill you, (thrill you)
You're nobody till somebody kills you (I don't wanna die)

[Chorus]
Do you know where your going too
Just a memoryeverybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK
May you rest in peace
Your nobody till somebody kills you
Do you know where your goin too
Just a memoryso you better pack a pistol
Everybody dying, death controls y'all
Your nobody till somebody kills you

Label limbo, I treat it like the wind blows
My back don't bend, see papi is my kinfolk
Spin out the work, as if its on a ten spoke
Soul benefactor the Benz, he made the rims poke
Trust me they can't touch P, in one touchie
Turn drop-head coupe to dune-buggy
Admire the verses, their inspired by the hearses
That carried my niggas, and had the church mothers cursing
Imagine the glamor that comes out the flow
Of a nigga who still play in the snow like Santa
The wrist is rushing, my ears is blushing
And the diamonds in my chain, big as grandma's buttons, (yes!)
On the flip side, the steel I'm gripping
You thought all the floss had me slipping?
Think again, blink again let me know that your bluffing
Lead give permanent concussion, your nothing

[Chorus]

Ha ha ha ha ha check out the fisad
On the face of rap, so we gon raise the bar
A mil on the crib, mean a quarter on the car
Bentley coupe another short of the arnage
Even as a youth I was laundering the stoop
Underneath the nose, and the Feds had no clue
I was pushing keys in a V with no roof
Rich, black, two big guns and no coof
Things at the label, well they tend to get unstable
And that pretty much leave Malice at the table
Or over the stove with the flame to the ladle
Because I'm a provider as long as I am able
This here hughe the most foolish of blues
When I tell my mom the price
She damn near sent me to my room
It's the M-A-L-I-C-I-O-U-S
You don't wanna try nigga, you next uh

[Chorus]

Biggie Duets
Born Again
Life After Death
Legacy lives on..and on, and on
These motherfuckers still can't see you BIG
shit you ain't even here..
Motherfuckers better step their game up..
Greatest of all time, Greatest of all time!
Motherfuckers

Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons
Get in that ass, quick fast, like ramadan
Its that rap phenomenon Don-Dadda, fuck Poppa
You got ta, call me, Francis M.H. White
Intake light tokes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low, and keep firin'
Keep extra clips for extra shit
Who's next to flip, on that cat with that grip on rap
The mo shady, (Tell em!) Frankie baby
Ain't no telling where I may be
May see me in D.C. at Howard Homecoming
With my man Capone, dumbing, fucking something
You should know my steelo
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
To orgies with hoes I never seen before
So, Jesus, get off the Notorious
Penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it
With the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot, like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get, who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than Great Adventure
Biggie, (How are you gonna do it?)

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked for death
Should I start your breath or should I let you die
In fear you start to cry, ask why
Lyrically I'm worshiped, don't front, the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishing, I punish 'em, I'm done with them
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them 'cause they nothing but dicks
Trying to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
Take trips to Cairo, laying with your bitch
I know you praying you was rich, fucking prick
When I see ya I'mma

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Kick in the door, waving the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y
Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye
Now ya brailling it, snatch that light shit, I'm scaling it
Conscious of ya nonsense, in eighty-eight
Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, "Vigilante"
You wanna get on son, you need to ask me
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
They siblings, nothing but my children
One shot they disappearin'
It's ill when MC's used to be on cruddy shit
Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They light weight, fragile, my nine milli
Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
And you still recouping, stupid

Can I live 'til my last day
Hittin' honies that be nasty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Yo what's beef to you, three niggas with hoodies and bats
That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats
When we came here we cut off all kind circulation
Breathin', eatin', the whole situation
When we do our shit we do our shit for real
While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats
Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill
I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit
Rock top shit, you know how The Lox get
Then you can see me flyin' in the Bentley cockpit
Lox and B-I, hold our cliqa down for years
Gang not, but we been had our black tears
Niggas under the stairs only understand what we got
Underground, all above must get shot
You couldn't book me Dano, see Luciano put the burners
To all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin' y'all

You already know what it's about when I run up in your house
Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch
Hearin' you out is senseless, perhaps for instance
I give this faggot a french kiss
Black gloves, no prints, dark tints
Word on the street they ain't heard from him since
You know about life after kicked the kid in
Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams
Scri-dam the flow is forbidd-en
Either you ridin' or you dyin' cause we swingin' iron
Lox and Poppa, turning niggas into Jim Hoffa
Who gon stop us, your last joint double copper
You gettin' money or your runnin' from the Feds
Ain't nothin' over here but sixteen, with one in the head
And I solemnly swear
That all y'all niggaz out there got a problem this year

Can I live 'til my last day
Hittin' honies that be nasty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Can I live 'til my last day
Hittin' honies that be nasty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Before you think of keepin' me down, heatin' me down
The flow like water get deep and you drown
With no soul, many niggas roll with no gold
Even the small kind got a little black hole
Your destiny is somethin' you can never figure out
Niggas is never happy 'til there's blood up in your mouth
There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to blame?
There's a lot of dead, how the hell you take the pain?
Live with it, got money you better get with it
My man had the thug in him did his bid with it
Get married to the game but never have a kid with it
Advice from the wise, slice the pies
Too many schemes divides, when dreams collide
Teams provide, war for the street to absorb
Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor
Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore

Uhh, uhh, uhh
Who the fuck wanna squeeze?
My Desert Ease make MC's freeze
You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams
You still apoligizin', analyzin', my size and your size and
Realizin', a fist fight would be asinine
You just pop wines, I must pop nines
Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece
You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up
We can hook up, all I see is the future
Disrespect, I shoot ya
By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly
Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak
Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet
Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep
I be the mob fiance, about to marry it
Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics
Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom
Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like
My first LP, beef with me is unhealthy
Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or
Collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung
For them homos, still doin' promos
Break both your legs you're movin' slow-mo, got shined to glow mo'
Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need for mo'

Can I live 'til my last day
Hittin' honies that be nasty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Can I live 'til my last day
Hittin' honies that be nasty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Um, one of the most talked about parts of your life
Your relationship with Faith
How are things?
I mean, we ain't together no more
She just had a baby from me
We cool though, we tight

It's that Faith Evans right here
Biggie Smalls, yo Faith you ready? You ready?

Venue after venue, I been through
Come up to the telly so I could bend you
Send you you to the store, condoms and more
Jealous females call you sluts and whores

Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show
I laced the beat, you locked the flow

Could it be my hardcore metaphor
Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor?
Open up the Lex door
Jump on in, I'm kind of tired
I'm a roll blunts while you spin

You twist up while I whip the bourbon
You teach me while I'm standing, learning like

You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving
Hair blonde out, Madonna style, like a virgin
Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death
She looking for a man, honey he just left

And I knew
I knew from the very first moment
That you were a king fit just for a queen
And I can tell from day one you were for me
Who knew that this love would be the legacy

And I'm so happy to say that I know you
My whole life was changed instantly
And I was willing to play my position, yeah
When you made me your wife-to-be
You were right by my side
Through all the changes
We've been through everything
So far from strangers
You more like my best friend
My perfect angel
I rock through thick and thin
I loved you till the end

I knew from the very first moment
That you were a king fit just for a queen
And I can tell from day one you were for me
Who knew that this love be the legacy

Grand Marnier increase the don strength
Two four-fifths within my arm's length
With a calm breath I say we got the flow
Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat
Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen
I invite those girls that smoke lye
Keep it real with you
You keep it real with I
We be tight like frog's ass
Have you screaming, "Biggie, Biggie, give me one more chance"

I knew from the very first moment
That you were a king fit just for a queen
And I can tell from day one you were for me
Who knew that this love would be the legacy

You were right by my side
Through all the changes
We've been through everything
So far from strangers
You more like my best friend
My perfect angel
I rock through thick and thin
I loved you till the end

Sometimes I get caught up imagining
The way things could have been
And there's no way that we can press rewind
We can't go back, we can't turn back the time
No, no
No, we can't turn back
We can't turn back the time
No, we can't turn back the time

But we gon' always be together
Because, you know, we got a little shelly together

[Heavy D] 
Yea this is uh Super funk you know what I'm sayin
This is for all the players and playetts wherever you at you dig
I'm talkin about from this side to that side 
East side, West side, your side, my side
It's all about being funky man
Aiyyo give me that microphone
It's Heavy D the baritone and I'm home alone dig it 
and I'm always staying freshly dipped on 1-2-5th 
where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin spliff
Okay okay okay okay it's Heavy D again
Hallelujah I'm on your T.V. screen again
You see me on your MTV and on your BET 
and on your local focal point video show
Nigga this how it flow so fly like an eagle
No sequels no weed but I get love from all the thugs 
cause they still my people 
I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me
They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up 
Let's get it on! 

[chorus]x2 
Untouchables at your door 
(Let's get it on) 
All you wack rappers hit the floor 

[2pac]
How should I plead forever thuggin on a quest to get G's
Runnin from enemies ever since the days of a seed
I'm under pressure the stress will have me drinkin
thinkin niggaz after me much too paranoid to blink
Wonder why the police don't want to see me stackin G's
They after a playa but I won't let em capture me
I gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine 
I can't sleep close my eyes I see wicked deams (deamons)
I keep my pistol by my bedside one in the chamber
Preoccupied with homocide my life's in danger
Rollin down the four-five beware of stangers 
Hand on my 4-5 that's what the fame does
I'm probably wrong but I'll never know it till I'm gone
From out the ghetto where the jealous motherfuckers roam
Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me 
before the penitentiary 
Let's get it on!! 

[chorus]x2 
Untouchables at your door 
(Let's get it on) 
All you wack rappers hit the floor 

[Grand Puba]
I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do 
I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!" 
I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C
I turn food stamps to green stamps rough power amps 
and sold weed under corner lamps but now I'm just microphone talkin
So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walking
Niggaz got more game than Genesis
Seen a movie in L.A. now everybody want to see 
but them youth don't trouble we 
because they fall victim to what they see hey! 
I keeps it +Reel to Reel+ like my last album title song 
but I understand it takes a year for niggaz to catch on
(hit em in the head dog) So let's get it on! yea 

[Notorious B.I.G.] 
Split the dutches fill it with the skunk we about to 
get wicked in the joint uh Notorious is glorious 
*cough, cough)*
Niggaz now who's the mind blower, the weed grower 
Have you seeing doubles like Noah, the rhyme flower 
B.I.G. top notch with the glock check your pockets 
and your sock it's just the way my pops taught me 
When you throw the drop check em thoroughly 
The bastard might spin around and try to bury me
And dead niggaz don't make no moves
When I'm slingin in the hood I don't fake no moves aight
Reminiscin on my swingin days 
when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves
Yea she had the Gucci boots I had Sarducci suits
Oshkosh-begosh Coca-Cola lookin real cute
Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin Bucktown
Mac-11 cocked back niggaz better duck down
Face down you know the routine the cream
Earrings you know the drama Biggie bring
Let's get it on

Previously on Ready to Die
Me and her sister had somethin' goin' on (Ayo, would you listen to me motherfucker?)
I reach my peak, I can't speak
Call my nigga Cheek, tell him that my will is weak (Ayo c'mon nigga, cut that)
I'm sick of niggaz lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin' (Ayo, yoyo Big, ayo chill)
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin '

(Ayo Big, ayo BIG!!)

Damn! We was supposed to rule the world baby
We was unstoppable!
The shit can't be over, no
The shit can't be over man
I know you hear me nigga
I know you hear me
You got too much livin' to do
Too much unfinished business
It ain't over
Live your life

I make yo mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you lose teeth like Little Cease
Nigga please
Blood floods your dungarees
And that's just a half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average playa hater, and spectators
Buy my CD twice
They see me in the streets they be like yo he nice
But that's on the low doe'
Be the cats wit no dough, tried ta play me at my show
I pull out 4-4's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas
Snort-cane niggas
Extortion came quicker
Bought the Range' nigga
Ya still tickle me
I used ta be as strong as ripple be, 'till Little Cease cripple me
Now I play hard-like my girls nipples be
The games sour like like a pickle be
Ya'll know da rules
Move from BK ta New Jerus
Thinkin' bout, all the planes we flew
Bitches, we ran through
Now da years new
I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Muthafuckas mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
Slugs missed ya
I ain't mad at'chya (We ain't mad at'chya)
Blood rushing, concussions, ain't nothing
Catch cases, come out frontin'
Smokin' something
Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it wit the basic
6 TV's, a system, knockin' Mase shit, face it
We hard ta hit
Guard ya shit, for I stick you, for ya re-up
Wipe the pee up
Lick shots, woke his seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up
Long kiss

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight

Uh, I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at, these fuckin'
Maniacs put my name in raps, what part the
Game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke backwoods, and Duchies
You can't touch me
Try to rush me
Slugs go, touchy-touchy
Ya bleedin' lovely, wit'chyo, spirit above me
Or beneath me, ya whole life ya live sneaky
Now ya rest eternally, sleepy, ya burn when ya creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies, baptize, rap guys
Wit the holy ghost
I put holes in most, you hold ya toast shakey
Slip-n-tryin' ta break me
Look what'chyou made me do, brains blue
My team in the marine-blue, six-coupe
Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin' out
The block for distances, givin' long kisses bitch

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight

Frank White the menacing, Chron Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and, you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new, Hummer in the summer when I was a new comer
Then, drugs and MAC-10s
Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you
Be broke, girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke yo' ass out 'til your face blue
Make you, open the safe too
No matter how you call it (How you call it)
This brolic, alcoholic
Like his weed green'd out, like his brick solid
Distribute to, kids who, take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine, all the time
Slugs hit your chest tap you spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked fo' times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow, as for remorse, we feel no

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss your ass goodnight

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uh
I like that, you like that? Heh
Here's another one
And another one,
And another one,
And another one
Uhh, what, what?

[Chorus - R. Kelly & The Notorous B.I.G.]
You must be used to me spendin
And all that sweet winin and dinin
Well I'm lovin you tonight
[Verse 1 - The Notorious B.I.G.]
Here's another one
And another one
Uhh, uhh, what?
Some say the x, make the sex
Spec-tacular, make me kiss you from yo neck
To yo back, then ya, shiverin, tongue deliverin
Chills up that spine, that booty is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If its alright with you, we lovin (that's alright)
Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger lovin in the park
{Piss}y off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between yo feet
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to yo mother's bed
At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the
Way she used to rub my back, when I {hit} that
Way she used to giggle when yo booty would wiggle
Now I know you used to sweets at the Parker Meridian
Trips to the Caribbean, but tonight, no ends

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 2 - The Notorious B.I.G.]
Girl you look fine, like a windface Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My styles genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with yo freakin limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Chick keep yo chin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mommy
I like it when you tro it pon me
No love makin, strictly back breakin
Ceas' know, all his {hoes}, go to my door
Then they go to his flo, to love some more
So no, caviar, sharp bar, uh uh
Strictly sex that's pretty and left over spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Don P's
But tonight its eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3 - R. Kelly]
Let's stop the bull{shit} baby
Let me take you to the stop, get you hot
So you wanna be with me, Puff Daddy
B.I.G., bring that booty to me

[Chorus until fade]

So you wanna be hardcore
With your hat to the back, talkin' 'bout the gats in your raps
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal
That you're screamin', maybe I'm dreamin'
This ain't Christopher Williams, still some
MC's got to feel one, caps I got to peel some
To let niggas know, that if you fuck with Big-and-Heavy
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical
Niggas sayin', "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle"
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me
Just for niggas actin' shifty
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor
Smokin' funk by the boxes, packin' Glocks is
Natural to eat you niggas like chocolates
The funk baby

(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)

All I want is bitches, big booty bitches
Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches
Now I pack gats, to stop all the snitches
From stayin' in my business, what is this? 
Relentless approach, to know if I'm broke or not
Just 'cause I joke and smoke a lot
Don't mean I don't tote the glock
Sixteen shots for my niggas in the pen
Until we motherfuckin' meet again
Huh, I'm doin' rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
Come on the ave, I'm real hard to find now
'Cause I'm knee deep in the beats
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the MAC-10 by the seats
For the jackers, the jealous ass crackers in the
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
Hold ya head, 'cause when you hit the bricks
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin' dick
The funk baby

(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)

So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side
How I smoked funk, smacked bitches on the backside
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests
Fifty shot clip if a nigga wan' test
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya
High as a motherfuckin' helicopter
That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdeameanor
Beatin' motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina
What's love got to do
When I'm rippin' all through your whole crew
Strapped like bamboo, but I don't sling guns
I got bags of funk, and it's sellin' by the tons
Niggas wanna know, how I live the mack life
Making money smoking mics like crack pipes
It's type simple and plain to maintain
I add a little funk to the brain
The funk baby

(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)
(I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk)

You see I don't sweat
These hoes I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos N' Jibos
Bitches just like to play the Merigo (yer we know drop the scenario)
It was me, D, the M-V-P, the blunts and brew things knockers and Wu-Tang, M.E.T.H.
O shit, look at those lips and hips on that bitch
We hit the crib so I can drop my macadoshar shit like the blunt clip
And recognize a pimp read Mr. speak the G's obsolete don't sleep bang the skims in the week
On the creep of the avenue I seen her on the block who she rappin to?
That's my nigga D damn he got G now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me see

Me casa, you casa,
O I ain't lookin' for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya
Hit the club, drink ass on ice but ya hit the pussy good, 
Am I doing the thing for you?
Girl, show me how ya work that thing
You make a motherfuckin' thug
Wanna sing and baby, baby, can't you see
We gonna fuck 'till 6 in the morning

Now I play her far like a move player star
She still sweatin' me hard because I'm a rap star
I be cruisn up the block I be passin her 
Pimpin' hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call to hang, is when me 
And deep blood is up scheming on the gang bang
She shoulda used her intuition 
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position
Listen she sayin' I dissed her cause I'm fuckin' her sister
A message to the fellers that gets some piss uh
But she started that fuckin' family
She fucked ma man D so why she mad at me?
Fuckin sister look better than you, 
Give head better than you, pussy, gets wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass

Red bones to lift ons dubies hip huggers to show off ya booty I'm hangin' with
The best of them sleep
If you want I'm a veteran when I show up to the club it's V-I-P
I'll be dancin' in the club if it's B.I.G
I'm not lookin' to find a wife, just someone to make a friend of mine

Me casa, you casa,
O I ain't lookin' for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya
Hit the club, drink ass on ice but ya hit the pussy good, 
Am I doing the thing for you?
Girl, show me how ya work that thing
You make a motherfuckin' thug
Wanna sing and baby, baby, can't you see
We gonna fuck 'till 6 in the morning

I roll up off rack and polla
I'm so high when I walk in the club
I see this chick that used to get the dick
Now she freakin' on the floor makin' a nigga reminisce
Oh I want her back in ma ride, back in ma ride
I want no girlfriend
See I just wanna hit it and we can be cool, 
We can do this if you feelin' the same I do
Come on girl, let's go to ma hotel
Have a party all night in ma hotel
Pop bubble smoke dope in ma hotel
In 20 minutes girl
Hit me on ma self

Me casa, you casa,
O I ain't lookin' for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya
Hit the club, drink ass on ice but ya hit the pussy good, 
Am I doing the thing for you?
Girl, show me how ya work that thing
You make a motherfuckin' thug
Wanna sing and baby, baby, can't you see
We gonna fuck 'till 6 in the morning

Yeah, dedicatin' this to my nigga O
We miss you nigga
Goin' out to all the young niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin' blunts to all you niggas
Word up

Each and every day
The daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin' just like you
Why'd you go away
I've been missin' you lately
Tell me what you're goin' through, oh yeah

I remember sellin' three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, rained on competition like a shower
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead Kevin
In eighty-eight, when Kane ruled, with 'Half Steppin'
A thirty-eight, a lot of mouth, was our only weapon
We was king 'til the D's crept in
And now I'm missin' 'em

Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why

We work all week, weekends we play the movies
We rock flatops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin', even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me, fuck it
Fed up, my nigga wanted to take it down South
Sick of cops comin', sick of throwin' jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em go that route
Few months, he got his brains blown out
Now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin', blamin' me
And his older brothers, understand, the game it be
Kinda topsy turvy, you win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother, they mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in NY?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I'd, look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye
Damn I'm missin' her

Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why

There was this girl around the way that made cats drool
Her name Drew, played fools out they money in pool
People swore we was fuckin' but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my joints after school
She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin' with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby 'fore that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheatin', now Drew she gotta slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived, what my baby had to die for
I'm missin' her

Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why

Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why

Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it level up
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "there go Mase!" there go your cutie

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots
Rip all the spots, rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now when all the balling stops
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
10 years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew that got money much longer than yours, 
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A. be on your way
'Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

B-I-G P-O-P-P-A, no info for the DEA
Federal agents mad 'cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's 'cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rollies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossing
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5 double O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks leave your ass flizat

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

What's goin' on? What's goin' on? (Somebody tell me) What's goin' on?

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I don't know what they want from me 
It's like the more money we come across

Hi I'm Voletta Wallace, Biggie's mom
I wish to thank you for your kind words
You warm gestures and your constant support over the years
I also need to share with you a few words about my son
Please take a few moments and listen
I hope you gain something from it, thanks

As a child Christopher was outspoken
When it suited him at times he was quiet
And of course he was mischievous as all little boys are
As a young man he liked to do everything

He liked to read, he liked to be with his friends
As young kids or young boys he enjoyed life
Everything that would make him happy or comfortable
He would do but mostly he enjoyed being with his friends and family

His early inspirations toward rap music were
The LL's of the world, the Sugar Hills, the Mr. Magics
And the Fat Boys of the rap channel
Those were all the things I heard in the house

Even though I called it noise and banging
I know now, it is a accepted musical art form
I was a single parent, I raised my son on my own
His father had no influence on his decision
Towards the musical outlet or career he chose

My son had a mind of his own, even if his father was around
He would have turned to rap, he loved music, he loved rap
At a point in my son's life he developed paranoia
About death and about the dying

We are living in a world of imperfect human beings
Where greed, jealousy and envy
Are manifested by what others accomplished in life
My son was very very much aware of that

He appreciated his station in life on the directions
In which he was going or traveling
On the other hand there were others
Who I should use the hip hop phrase player hating

And I think that is what resulted in his paranoia
If I had to change anything in my son's life
That would have allowed him to be here today
I would have deterred him from a career in music

I'm aware that millions appreciate his music, millions loved his music
Be that it may if he hadn't chosen that lifestyle, that career
My son would be alive today
If I could sum up Christopher in one word the word would be generous

The thing that my son loved most about life was the fact that
He was in a position to help, position to share
Position to give to others who needed, to others who wanted
To others appreciated the gifts that he gave

Uhh, I dream filthy
My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed 'em dead off, wipe the sweat off
'Cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies
Look man, you want to see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin Bastard!
Cryin, know my friends is lyin'
Y'all know who killed 'em, filled 'em with the Lugers from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin' ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company
Apologies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, day dreamin'
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
Be more gone than freemen
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screw faces, when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (What)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
In killin' wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin', shit
When Frank start bustin', Frank start somethin'
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin' broads home
On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chips
Bought to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggaz want my team to stop shinin'
Pray my fame start declinin'
Windin' like girlies
We been around the world twice, all we got is mo' ice
In moonlights, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (What)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin' shrimp A La Carte, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin' clams and mussels
Octopus, pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack you
Give her a package to push, 'cause I work dem hoes
Pendejos, I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
So I can sleep safe, not too many keep a mill' in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

B.I.G. yeah
B.I.G.
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, Biggie
B.I.G.
I want you to feel this right here
'Cause this is real special
The King and I
B.I.G. (let's go)

And we've waited through the suffering and pain
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train
That's why I flip, keep a burner to my hip
Take a hooker to the crib, you know she got to strip
Stay dip, take out of state trips
Don't drink a lot of Hennessy, I only take a sip
I'm a skipper, like a captain, rappin' is my specialty
And the best is me

You're lucky I don't run you over in the SUV
And if you feel some kind of way you can S-M-D
Me, Fizzy and the King, that's a special three
Far as money, less you work, the less you see
Put hands on 'em, they just wanna S-U-E (that's all)
You could never do what I can do unless you me
'Cause dog I'm a low cat, I bring that dope back
No matter how they feel about me, just let 'em know that

I got love for New York City, New York City
And they got love for me and B-I-G
They always gon' hold us down
We got that work, yeah in New York City, ooh
Where they be talkin' real crass, all about the cash
New York City, New York City

And we've waited through the suffering and pain
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train
That's why I flip, keep a burner to my hip
Take a hooker to the crib, you know she got to strip
Stay dip, take out of state trips
Don't drink a lot of Hennessy, I only take a sip
I'm a skipper, like a captain, rappin' is my speciality
And the best is me

Remember me and you smokin' in the Lexus Jeep
And you schoolin' me on how to bless these streets
Told me to, "Get your money, Kiss, F these beefs"
Get your paperwork right and you can catch these thieves, uh
The game is forever a part of me
'Cause as far as NYC, I'm the main artery
Nobody parallel or even half as smart as me
You was just a draft pick, I was a lottery
It's still love

I got love for New York City, New York City (NYC)
And they got love for me (yeah) and B-I-G (B.I.)
They always gon' hold us down (hold us down baby)
We got that work yeah (we got that work) in New York City (NYC yeah)
Where they be talkin' real crass, all about the cash
New York City, New York City

And we've waited through the suffering and pain (B.I)
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train (Fizzy)
And we've waited through the suffering and pain (Jada)
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train We got that work
And we've waited through the suffering and pain (we made it)
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train (get off me)
And we've waited through the suffering and pain
And bitches ride the dick like the A-train (we got that work, baby)

B.I.G (NYC)
B.I.G (Forever hold us down)
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, Biggie (love y'all)
B.I.G
Yeah
B.I.G

Come on, yeah come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on,
Come on, come on, yeah, come on, yeah

Uh, I go, on and on and on and
Don't take them to the crib unless they bonin'
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed, to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past fo'
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin' home, tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uh
Back of my mind I hope she swallow (Uh-huh)
Man, she split a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin', she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryin' to wait
Conversate, sex on the first date, I state
You know what you do to me
She starts off, "well I don't usually"
Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down south, aow!
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I squirt
Jeans skirt, butt-naked it all work

You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty

I remember we, went to Tennessee
Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone
Bitch named Symone
Screamin', she feenin', for the semen
Me bein', the man that I am
Took her to her condo, pronto
Half Indian, I called her Tonto
Roll the chron'chron' in the dark pronto
Few puffs, eyes got low
And off to the bedroom we go
Sex is drama, head is trauma
Rip pajamas, I'mma stay 'til tomorrow
Satisfyin' all my needs twice
With the whipped cream, handcuffs and ice
The bitch is nice, word is bond
Can't wait to put my niggas on, what, what?

You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty

Ladies, my Mercedes
Hold fo' in the back, two if you're fat
Keep a gat, for cats that try to test me
They just fans like DeNiro, Wesley
Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin' on
Cartier jeans look like they painted on
Ask P, leave it up to me
Lay her on her back ever so gently
She like the way the dough fold up, Rolls roll up
Cristal just throw up, bitch grow up
Hold up, there's DeGenero
Dripped out, Iceberg apparel
Intro goes without speaking
Call me Cease 'cause I keep 'em, we can go freakin'
All weekend, so, roll in
Ain't it good that my Lex keeps foldin? Uhh

You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)

Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
With the hoods, fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin' weed, flippin' ki's, making crazy G's
Hitting buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm bagging you
Pimping hoes that drive Volvos and Rodeos
Flash the Rol', make her wet in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga's style is unorthodox
Grip the Glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga want to act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfucking back out
That's a real nigga for ya

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)

When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case Dread want to riff
He get a free lift to the cemetery, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad, do a quarter, flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the DA, 'cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up north, bound first stop for the town
Of Fishkill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha-hah! Yo G, pass the buddha

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)

Money, hoes, and clothes
Blunt smoke coming out the nose, is all a nigga knows
Flipping on foes, putting tags on toes
Watching the stash grow, clocking the cashflow
The neighborhood gravedigger
Getting paid so much, all the bitches want to see a nigga
I guess they figure I'm paid, I want to get laid
Or since I got loot, I want to knock boots
I'd rather beat my dick than trick
And if she don't suck, then we don't fuck
I'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck
Grab the 9, two clips, and run amuck
Yes, flex after two or three Becks
As I wreck shit, what the fuck you expected?
A fly guy? Well fuck it, I'm the high guy
From Bed-Stuy, putting the swelling on your eye
And your nose even, when I choke ya, you stop breathing
And when Jake come, I'm leaving

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge 

This hotel guest that you have called is unavailable 
You may leave a private recorded message at the tone 
Or press zero and a hotel operator will assist you
You may start your message now, press zero to return to the attendant
Ayo BIG whats up man? Its Short man, heard you're in Miami boy give me a call 
I got some bitches men I got eight bitches
I got some chronic, I got the keys to Luke's crib nigga, that nigga ain't gonna be here for two weeks 
Hit me up dude, hit me up its Short, its Short, holla at me

Yo, check it
Call Lil' Cease
Tell that motherfucker to bring me some motherfucking weed to this hospital
Man fuck that
Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez
And go take about like twenty G's from Gino
Tell that motherfucker get this nigga next door up out of here
Nigga be snoring all night I can't sleep (hehe)
Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick
(Bad Boy Big, c'mon)

The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery
But the nurses is loving me
Saying the best part of the day is my half
Feeding me breakfast, and giving me a sponge bath
Niggas say I died dead in the streets
Nigga I'm getting high, getting head on the beach
Chilling, sitting on about half a million
With all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
Next two years, I should see about a billion
All for the love of drug dealin'
Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them)
Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right)
All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes
Raw flows, and that's how it goes

Notorious!
C'mon, we are, we are
No, No, No, Notorious!
He is, he is,
No, No, No, Notorious!

This for my niggas slingin' thangs, hammer ringin' kings
Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things
For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin
That shit with the V-trim that win
And the enormous fields disperse of rap
On the road to the riches more furs to drag
More niggas to kill, than birds to bag
Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh
Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?"
Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut
That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck
Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal
Niggas talkin' real greasy on some ballin' shit (that's right)
Funny how quick these pricks forget
Actin' like I ain't the reason they traded they shit
Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right)
It's all good, you know who the clone is
Fuck the Jones's, niggas trying to keep up with the Combses

C'mon y'all
Notorious!
We are, we are (what's his name)
No, no, no, Notorious!
He is, he is (c'mon, what's his name?)
No, no, no, Notorious!

Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim?
The Notorious K-I to the M
That's me, on MTV, no doubt
Titty out like what, I don't give a fuck!
Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne
Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperon
Things done changed, but we continue to reign
As the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I.
Frank White still the center of attention
I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playing my position
Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto
That bitch rocking mics in high heel stilettos
We taking over like Francis
Switching our styles like the hottest new dances
See, I let y'all live to stack a little paper
Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor!

She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah
No, no, no, notorious!
He is, he is (c'mon, what's his name?)
Bad Boy baby, we are c'mon
No, No, No, notorious!
We are, we are
Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon
No, no, no, notorious!
He is, he is (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon)
No, no, no, notorious!
We are, we are
Bad Boy 2000
B.I.G. Born Again (he is, he is)
No, no, no, notorious!
And he won't stop
'Cause he can't stop
We are, we are (Brooklyn baby)
No, no, no, notorious!
He is, he is

Why niggaz want to clock me? 
Like that dance called the chachi 
Don't they know I break motherfuckers into parts like Rocky 
Part I  part II  part III  niggaz can't fuck with me 
My style's knock kneed plum crazy (what?) 
Who's that wild ass motherfucker catchin wreck 
Stickin Jamaicans for sound sets outside discoteques 
It's Klep the death specialist  Stallone and Stone shit 
Stayin high representin for the nine-quint 
Ras bad guy, burns the house down like Left Eye 
Why try mimic? MC's get broke like speed limits (uhh) 
Niggaz can't fuck with my metaphors 
Canin MC's like they in Singapore; Klep been through more wards 
Than Humphrey Shore, put together catchin leathers 
On the regular, got that net, push me round and Dread stressin a 
Trick hoe, what the Dread won't know won't hurt 
Robbin his workers for they work; now, WHOSE TURF IS THIS? 
It's Klep's, the clothes wreckers' 
Life interceptor, pussy collector 
Got your bitch on my dick and I ain't even stressin her 
Check enough sex in her, my styles are regular 
Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique moves in like the senator 

Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 

Throw gats to Guiliani 
Flows tighter than bitches punani, try me, die G 
Dangerous, since my daddy bust me out 
The tip of his dick, Biggie Smalls with the wickedest shit 
Spit clips, niggaz split like bananas 
Flavour like Tropicana; orange, mango, peach 
I strangle each,negro for they dough 
Niggaz get to bendin, got two cases, one pendin 
560 V-12 engine, women spinnin 
In 9-2-9 Mazda's, Tammy and Natasha 
The menage-a-trois around my waist 
Like Ill and Al Skratch smokin 50 sacks in the back of Ac's 
Windows cracked, so sit back relax 
Yo Vec, crush the hash, the Beretta's in the stash 

Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 

What you doin with yourself? Stone heart's the way to wealth 
Indecisive thoughts make sentences get dealt 
Money makes the world go round, robbin shit 
Fuck a job shit, niggaz want cribs, bricks and spliffs 
All-wheel automobiles, traction control 
For clay roads, rollin with dough, kickin game 
On the cel with bitches on hold, that's how we roll (uhh) 
Rhymes got tight as hell so to the bank I stroll (uhh) 
Money on my mind, open lips from my eyes 
Reveal pupils shaped like dollar signs 

The world is mine! 
Niggaz frontin, feelin twelve gauge pellets 
BIG is repellant, to all that "He say, she say" 
We play, Russian roulette, fuck the threat 
Your whole crew's vagina, you and your co-signer 
Nigga, we rollin in eight and a halfs, TV's in the dash 
Three G's in the stash, see we love the cash 
No coke, then get some more 

Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 
Niggas say "Oh my lord!" 

Niggaz don't know bout my game, they don't know 
How complex it is, baggin bitches in GS 300 Lexuses 
And the sex is for summer sports 
Passports for drug transports to remote resorts 
Bitches with Donna Karan "Catwoman" suits, matchin figure boots 
Haircut cute, on tops and garters like prostitutes 
My lyrics explicit 
Got bitches bringin they own condoms on the first visit 

If Biggie bring big bowls of beef 
Backin bitch niggaz down, burners bring bundles of belief 
Common thief, slash drug chief, syndicated 
Went from 10 K, to 24 K and motherfuckers hate it 
J.M. sedated, quarantined (uhh) 
BIG for President, buckin shots past the spleen 
9 millimeter dream, Mac 11 nightmares 
Electric chairs, which MC's do you fear? 
Big Poppa, Junior M.A.F.I.A., nuff said 
Niggaz disrespect just are dead...

To sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila
Honey's call me Bigga, the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit

I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the Ep along by James Todd
Smith I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift

Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean

I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn't matter skinny or fat or

Light skinned or black, baby I drop these
Boricua mommies screamin' "Aiy papi"
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa

Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck Tae Kwon do, I tote a fo'-fo'
For niggaz gettin' mad 'cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G ya see

All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin' physical like Olivia Newton
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia

So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back

What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him
What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him

Old thing back
Like B I double G I E, with some R U L E
Notorious know to bust in your E Y E, baby baby
Bitches know they love and hate me

I come, you come, we come with back some maybe
How close we came to coming together is crazy
How come you ain't your sis with similar faces
When I come you be cryin' like I'm killin' ya bitches

You know there's a bigger picture than the camera rolled
'Cause I only got to knowin' how the shits unfolded
Back shots through the rear, got the mack unloaded
Got a reload, like every so-often

Sayin' I got my swagger back
I'm lookin' like bitch, my swagger never left
But we so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers
They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back

What you wanna do?
What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him
What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him

Is my mind playin' tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin' nightmares of girls killin' me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass

Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL
The E&J; and Ginger Ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamin's
Another hun's in the crib, please send her in

I fuck nonstop, lick my lips a lot, used to lick the clits a lot
But lickin' clits had to stop
'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow, really though

I got the cleanest, meanest, penis
Ya never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit
I mean the Spandex and hit my man next

Sex gettin' rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressin' 'em, I'm undressin' 'em

Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York
For fillin' fantasies without that nigga Mr. Walk
Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split, shit

What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him
What you wanna do? I got that old thing back
What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel him

I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop 

Jesus, the Notorious just
Please us with your lyrical thesis
We just chilling, milk 'em, "Top Billin'"
Silk and, pure linen, me and, Lil' Cease 
Malibu sea breeze, Dom P's, palm trees
Cats named Pablo in milked out Diablos (that's right)
The williest (what?) bitches be the silliest
The more I smoke, the smaller the Phillie gets
Room 112, where the players dwell
And stash more cash than Bert Padell, inhale
Make you feel good like Tony Toni Tone (feels good)
Dick up in your middle like Monie (yes)
She don't know but she setting up to blow me (yes)
Try to style, flying north with a homey (yes)
Escada, Don Dada, player, stay splurging
Game so tight they call it virgin

Ohhhh I, need to know, where we stand
Do we share this special thing called love 
I know I do, what about you
I just can't get enough of your love, I need you in my life

Where do I go, what do I do
I can't live without your love
Thinkin' of you, makes me feel
Like I'm the only one for you

Girl I want, to be with you
No one else, only you
Why can't we just make it happen
Baby, I need you in my life

Every time I'm with you
Never want it to come to an end (Thought I told you that we won't stop)
Always make me so happy
You'll always have a place in my heart, I need you in my life 

Where do I go, what do I do
'Cause I can't live without your love
Thinkin' of you, makes me feel
Like I'm the only one for you

Now you can hum all you want to, cum all you want to
Money I'mma front you, girl I wanna flaunt you (that's right)
I'mma always want you when nobody wants you (uh-huh)
If I die now my love'll still haunt you (c'mon)
Mase ain't the one that'll pay for your phone (Mase ain't the one)
Mase be the one that'll take you home (that's right)
Even though I'm not the one that gave you the stone (yeah)
On your days alone I can make you moan
Everybody know I got more bounce than the ounce
Bad Boy get more money than you can count
Why I'm buying things you can't even pronounce
I'd do it to you cats for a large amount 
And when the beef come, you no where to be found
While I'll be around 'til the winner is announced (The winner is)
Here you go girl with thousands in ya palms
Why you can't let bygones be bygones (Goodfellas)

Where do I go, what must I do
If I can't live without your love
Thinking of you, makes me feel baby
Like I'm the only one for you

Girl I want to, be with you
No one else, only you
Why can't we just make it happen
Baby, I need you in my life

I thought I told you that we won't stop
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop
I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop
I thought I told you that we won't stop 

I thought I told you that we won't stop 
I thought I told you that we won't stop

I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cutting classes, squeezing asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since thirteen, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the tre' duce
And the duce duce in my bubble-goose
Now I got the mack in my knapsack
Loungin' black, smoking sacks up in acts
And sidekicks with my sidekicks rocking fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we want to know is "where the party at?"
And can I bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
Betta throw my vest on my chest
Cause niggas is a mess
It don't take nothin' but frontin'
For me to start somethin'
Buggin' and barkin' at niggas like I was duck huntin'
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
Cause all we want to do is

[Chorus]
Party, and bullshit, and [Repeat: x9]

Hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man see that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my piece
Sure do, two .22's in my shoes
Holler if you need me love I'm in the house
Roam and strollin' see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, hoe hopping, ain't no stopping big poppa, I'm a bad boy
Niggas want to front, who got your back? (biggie!)
Niggas want to flex, who got the gat? (biggie!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the east coast overdoser
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga I toast ya, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the henny and stuff
Or some brand-Nubian shit beatin' down punks!

[Chorus]

Bitches in the back looking righteous
In a tight dress, I think I might just
Hit her with a little biggie 101, how to tote a gun
And have fun with Jamaican rum
Conversations, blunts in rotation
My man big Jacques got the glock in his waist and
We're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
If money smell bad than this nigga biggie stinking
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eating out my palm
She grabbed my arm and said "let's leave calm"
I'm hittin' skins again
Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken
Niggas start to loke out, a kid got choked out
Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out

Can't we just all get along?
So I can put hickies on her chest like lil' shawn
Get her pissy drunk off of don perrignon
And it's on, and I'm gone
That's that.

Party, and bullshit, (party.)
And party, and bullshit, (bullshit.)
And party, and bullshit, (party.)
And party, and bullshit, (bullshit.)
And party, and bullshit, (yea, junior mafia likes that.)
And party, and bullshit,
And party, and bullshit, (uptown likes that.)
And party, and bullshit,
And party, and bullshit, (bad boy likes that.)
And party, and bullshit,
And party, and bullshit, (brooklyn crew likes that.)
And party, and bullshit,
And party, and bullshit, (third eye likes that.)
And party, and bullshit [Repeats]

Good evening
And for my last hit
I'd like to take you back to the classic
B.I.G. Style of course
Uhh

Playa, turn your head round
Lay on the ground, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed

You know, we need this money
And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me
Let's go off, together
On this robbin spree, we'll make money
Uhh
Playa, turn your head round
Take off that crown, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Don't cry no more, you've been robbed

You see, there are two kind of people in the world today
We have, the playas, and we have, the playa haters
Please don't hate me because I'm beautiful baby

Hear what they talk, about me
But my crew so deep, you can't do, a damn thing, to me

Playa, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Wake up (wake your ass up), take off your jewels
You fuckin fools, you've been robbed (this is a robbery nigga)
Playa playa (hater), Playa playa (hater)
Playa playa (hater), Playa playa (hater)
Playa hater (hater) Playa hater (hater)
Playa hater (hater) Playa hater (hater)

Uhh, thank you, thank you very much
Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night everybody, good night!
I love all of you, thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night!

Niggas uh, bitches ha uh

(Niggas) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
"This type of shit it happens everyday"

Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit?
What are you a idiot?
Listen to the lyrics I spit like M1's
Got mad guns up in the cabin
'Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin' and dabbin' shit
I make it happen, you got your ass caught
All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport
Or the M.P., what if you see, then I miss ya
I blow up spots like little sisters
G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles
Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful
Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, thick like Luke dancers
Niggas grab your gats, bitches take a glance at
The little one, pullin over in the Land Rover
Playin' Big Willie style with a chauffeur, yaknahmean?
Stack the green, read all between the lines
A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find

(Niggas) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
"This type of shit it happens everyday"

(Niggas) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
"This type of shit it happens everyday"

(How ya livin' Biggie Smalls?) I'm surrounded by criminals
Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals
Smokin' skunk and mad Phillies
Beatin' down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses
If robbery's a class, bet I pass it
Shit get drastic, I'm buryin' ya bastards
Big Poppa never softenin'
Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin'
Leave the fucker coughin' up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears
Covered the wife, Kleenex for the kid's tears
Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches
She whippin' my ride, countin' my one's, thinkin' I'm richest
Just the way players play, all day everyday
I don't know what else to say
I've been robbin' niggas since Run and them was singin' "Here We Go"
Snatchin' ropes at the Roxie homeboy you didn't know my flow, 
Detrimental to your health
Usually roll for self, I have son ridin' shotgun
My mind's my nine, my pen's my Mac-10
My target, all you wack niggas who started rappin'
Junior M.A.F.I.A. steelo, niggas know the half
Caviar for breakfast, champagne bubble baths
Runnin' up in pretty bitches constantly
The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be?

(Niggas) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
"This type of shit it happens everyday"

(Niggas) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
"This type of shit it happens everyday"

I used to pack Macs in Cadillacs
Now I pimp gats in the Ac's, watch my niggas backs
Nines in the stores, glocks in the bags
Maxin' mini-markets, gettin' money with the Arabs
No question, confession, yes it's the lyrical
Bitches squeeze your tits, niggas grab your genitals
Proteins and minerals, excluse subliminals
Big Momma shoots the game to all you Willies and criminals
I kick the reali' with my peeps all day
325's roll by with the windows down halfway
D-K-N-Y, oh my, I'm jiggy
It's all about the Smalls and my fuckin'' nigga Biggie
Bitches love the way I bust a rhyme
'Cause they all in line screamin' one more time
Niggas, grab your dicks if you love hip-hop
Bitches rub-a-dub in the back of the club, straight up

Well it's the Funk Docta Spock
Meth-Tical
Biggie, Biggie

Uhh, uhh, uhh, (yo c'mon Big) uhh
Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches
The prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit
Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches
Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it
So I grab it, never run, the outcome
Is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be
Or where you're from, West or East Coast, squeeze toast
Leave most in the blood they layin' in, what, what?
The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented
But they wasn't, so run it, cousin
I could chill, the heat doesn't
Ran up in your shell about a dozen
You never see bank like Frank White
Your hand clutchin', your chest-plate contemplate
You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high

Yo yo
I don't brown nose out of town hoes
I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh
I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect
You ass like prime roastin', Calvin Klein clothes
Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear
I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here
Your time is near, so get your body dropped off
I stopped trustin' niggas since Gotti got caught
It's Bricks, keep your wrist covered, I'm piss colored
By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother
I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too
I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue
The Doc is born with a grenade palm
I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom
Yo Biggie (What? What?) She havin' my bay-bayy
If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high

This rule is so underrated 
Actin' as if it can't happen, you're frontin'
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
Biggie, a motherfuckin' rap phenomenon

This rule is so underrated 
Actin' as if it can't happen, you're frontin'
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
Biggie, a motherfuckin' rap phenomenon

Uhh, uhh
I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys
Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed
Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks
Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops
Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cease advance
Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants
From Branson, now we lampin', twelve room mansion
Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem"
Don't forget, "One More Chance" and, my other hits, other shit
Niggas spit be counterfeit, robbery come naturally
In and out like fuckin' rapidly, pass the gat to me
Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin' blasphemy
Blastin' me, your family, rest in coffins often
Frank Wizzah, far from soft or fragilla
Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer
Slash guerilla, slash illest turned iller

Now now
Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket
I take these adolescents back to Spofford
Mentally, my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side
That's infinity
Too many sick niggas, nickel nines bring the remedy
When you play the field, what's the penalty?
Unnecessary roughness, career endin' injuries for suckers
Stuck on stupid, shoot 'em with a dart like Cupid
Until they got love for my music
Star Wars, I'm Han Solo, with three egos
And three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s"
This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel
High bar flow-er with no equal
Niggas swingin' swords in the WAR, that's my people
Sho' nuff, before I roll up, this is a hold up
Hands high, reach for the sky
I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye
New York Shitty, put they weight on it
And who better for the job than Biggie?
The Notorious, Jeee-zus, "Unbelievable" rhyme that reaches
And touch individual, small frame buck and change
MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain
All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin'
Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin'
Hot, forcin' my way up in the door
To kill the bullshit like a matador
Keep your hands high (what?)

Yeah, yeah, you ready motherfucker?
We gonna kill your ass
(I'm ready)

As I grab the Glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome, homes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doing your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
Mic ripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q
45, Glocks and TEC are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques dripping out my buttcheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl, I'm ready to die!

(Yes, I'm ready)
(Yes, I'm ready)
(Yes, I'm ready)
(So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die)

As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doing whatever it took from snatching chains to pocketbooks
A big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sewed
I want it all from the Rolex's to the Lexus
Getting paid is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I've got a Glock making motherfuckers duck
Shit is real and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kicking niggas down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggas getting wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns 'cause I'm ready

(Yes, I'm ready)
(Yes, I'm ready) I'm ready to die
(Yes, I'm ready)
Nah we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer
(So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die)

In a sec, I throw the TEC to your fucking neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie 'bout to get some rec'
Quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talking
You better act like CeCe and keep on walking
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
Your face, my feet, they meet with stompin'
I'm rippin' MCs from Tallahassee to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggas say I'm strange, deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
After the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
Down your backbone to where your motherfucking shit drip
The shit I kick, ripping through the vest
Biggie Smalls passing any test, I'm ready to die!

(Yes, I'm ready)
(Yes, I'm ready) I'm ready
(Yes, I'm ready)
Time to go, we gon' put you out your misery motherfucker
Niggas definitely know what time it is (Yes, I'm ready)
The Notorious one in full effect, '93 (Yes, I'm ready)
Uhh, uhh (Yes, I'm ready)
(So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die) Suicidal, I'm ready!
(Yes, I'm ready)
(So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die)

Now I lay me down to sleep (Yeah)
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
'Cause I'm ready to die
All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
Biggie Smalls the biggest man
Rocking on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee
Third Eye and the rest of the Bad Boy fam
I don't wanna see no crying at my funeral

Uh uh uh
We are lovers true and through and though
We made it through the storm
I really want you to realize
I really want to put you on
I've been searchin' for someone
To satisfy my every need
Won't you be my inspiration
Be the real love that I need

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love

Oh, when I met you I just knew
That you would take my heart and run
Until you told me how you felt for me
You said I'm not the one
So I slowly came to see
All of the things that you were made of
And now I hope my dreams and inspirations
Lead me to want some real love

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love

I got to have a real love
Loves so true and oh baby
I thought your love was true
I thought you were the answer to
The questions in my mind
But it seems that I was wrong
If I stay strong maybe
I'll find my real love

So I try my best and pray to God
He'll send me someone real
To caress me and to guide me towards
A love my heart can feel
Now I know I can be faithful
I can be your all in all
I'll give you good lovin' through the summertime
Winter, spring, and fall

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free (real love)
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love

You see I'm searching for a real love
And I don't know where to go
Been around the world and high and low
And still I'll never know
How it feels to have a real love
'Cause it seems it's not around
Gotta end it in this way because it
Seems he can't be found

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love

Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Someone to set my heart free
Real love
I'm searchin' for a real love
Real love

I'm not wit none of that 
Standin' around lookin' cool and shit
I want you motherfuckers to jump the fuck up
And have some motherfuckin' fun
You understand what it means to be black?
I have my man the Notorious B.I.G in the back
I go by the name of the Puff Daddy
But check this shit out 
Four, five
As we procced to give you what you need

Sick of momma screamin' that "Get a job, nigga"
Pressed to the limit, gotta rob me a nigga
Simple and plain, my man scooped me in the hoop
Whispered in his ear, this is what we gotta do G
Got to bang a nigga and bang a nigga good
So I could cop a Benz and drive the fuck out the hood
Cause baby mama screamin', your daughter twelve months
Can't live life slingin' rocks and smokin' blunts
Hangin' with the nigga's don't pay the bills
And bein' broke at 30 give a nigga the chills
So what we gotta do is creep and see a sweet vic
Yo, you see that shit? (Hell yeah, I see that shit)
Columbian, Dominican, yeah whatever
Whoever he was, he had it tucked under the leather
Two keys, twenty G's, nigga please
Blew his brains out cause witnesses we don't need

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real things

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real things

Yeah, yeah, yeah
I tote gats wit my nigga, clap wit my nigga
Break bread and then break backs wit my nigga
Jack wit my nigga, cock the latch wit my nigga
Now how you gon' act wit my nigga?
Just remember there's a gun to your dome
And I will lick shots and run through your home
Or better yet I put your son to the chrome
Turn the music up and unplug the phone
I will kill him, read my lips
You too, motherfucker if I don't see no bricks
See, I flips when I don't see no chips
Yeah, nigga, I know you in pain, I don't care nigga
I want the stash, keys, hash, weed, G's motherfucker, freeze
Cock sucker, you better bring the things out 
Before I blow your motherfucker frame out
Nigga what

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real things

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real 

Real big nigga's over here talkin' shit
Yo fuck that, I'm gon' check these nigga's
Fuck that, fuck that
What you said? Speak up, I can't hear ya
Oh, thought you was talkin' to us, um pardon me, my bad
I shoulda known ya'll ain't wanted with these three time losers
The open surgeons heart removers
Niggaz think they gon' stop my ones
Put a contract out and stop ya'll lungs
We powerful, don't think that all we got is guns
We buy out everything you claim, including your name
Mama bitch squeeze the life out of ya'll nigga's
Screw barkin', I take bites out of ya'll nigga's
Crack open your safe then put a bomb to it
Fuck shootin' windows nigga, I jumps through it
With the all black hood, he beat a nigga 'till he hurl
Then pull the hoodie off so he can see it was a girl
When it comes to my nigga B.I.G 
I wanna see all ya'll niggaz D.I.E

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real bitches do real things
Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing
Real bitches do real things

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real bitches do real things
Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing
Real bitches do real things

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real things

On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggaz do real things
Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing
Real niggaz do real

Shadyville Entertainment, Bad Boy collaboration

I love niggas! I love niggas!
Cause niggas are me! 
And I should only love that 'presents me
I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!)
I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again)
And to all niggas that do it I love

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!)
To all my Bronx (It's war nigga)
To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away)

Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get
With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
That's real

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop Watertown
Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man
I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can"
Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing
Get gassed up to get blast up
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down
Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa
50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa'
There's no place like home, New York - New York
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really
Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly
Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire!
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit
Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch!

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

We the realest nigga
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho!

Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper

M.E.M.P.H.I.S
I'm a rep this hur til I walk up on death
My demise ain't here don't hold your breath
Cook heat over beef so I'm somethin' like a chef
Purple kushes, my bitches wax off they pussy bushes
Eat dick like its delicious, and grant a pimp wishes
She dig my country talkin', she say I sound funny
Embassy suites sittin' on the bed countin' money
Illegal hustlin', dirty money mustlin
Spend it like I never saw a day of pain or sufferin'
Look at my face you can tell I seen both of em
I stick in move do my biz get my doe and dip
My chronic habit heavy weed man in every city
My money big so my airplane il bitty
Major visibility, bad boy lieutenant
Black Phantom wit' the black guts and I'm in it

Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper

Fuck it I'm a blast off, take my mask off
Blow ya fuckin' ass off give me the cash cause
M-J-G not playin no games
If you not speakin' good don't be sayin' my name
Nigga no it ain't OK with you within a day or two
I'm a track you down and pull a mufuckin' rapper root
Ain't no way you niggas can hide
I can get you in the house I can get you outside
I'm a load da pump up, lay down jump up
Surprise everybody fittin' to help me wit' my come up
Damn I done made, all of y'all shit ya jeans
This look, like it might be a job for Mr. Clean
You all bootleggin' nigga you's a knock off, a imitation
Local ass kingpin nigga wit' a limitation
You don't want no drama wit' me
Cause I got da ghost of Jeffrey Dona with me

Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper

Suckas wanna see me fall fall like a ton of bricks
It'll never happen dog Project Pat'll play it slick
Flick when I'm in the ride nine million homicide
Done when ya come wrong shoot suckas in tha Dome
Always about the cheese didn't wanna go there
He don't wanna pay me where he stay lets roll there
What's crooked as a crooked letter hump back hump back
Soda cook the dope together jump back jump back
Meet any weather cock it pump back pump back
If ya bust it first I'm a dump back dump back
Down South we gon hustle to the roster crow
My nose runnin' still cause a nigga used to blow
If pockets low I'll let ya know (don't turn around)
A hair trigger that'll bust (don't make a sound)
I'm a tell ya what to do (lay it on the ground)
Don't be hesitatin' fool (before I blow you down)

Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana
Smoke relax and take notes gun smoke gun smoke
I just want the paper I just want the paper
I just want the paper I just want the paper

No big up our gun men, seen? (Big up, big up)
Cuh dis ah 94' when ah RAA fi kill people and kyaan dun
Nuh waan pussy hole hold di kaanah
Watch this, lawd

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Nineteen seventy somethin' nigga I don't sweat the date
My moms is late so I had to plan my escape
Out the skins in this world of fly girls
Tanqueray and Hennessy until I cold hurl
Ten months in this gut what the fuck
I wish moms'd hurry up so I could get buck
Wild juvenile rippin' mics and shit
New York New York ready for the likes of this uh
Then came the worst date May 21st
2:19, that's when my momma water burst
No spouse in the house so she rode for self
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
I'm seein' my death and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy
The doctor looked and said, "He's gonna be a Bad Boy"

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts, makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream ain't my lifetime dream, I mean
I want to blow up, stack my dough up
So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Mom said that I should grow up and check myself
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf? Nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, King of New York, I want to be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary
C74-Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind the great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked was all the money for bail

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Watch mi respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons
Mama smile when she see me, that's surprisin'
Honey's is tantalizin', they freak all night
Peep duckin' cops on the creep all night
As I open my eyes and realizin' I changed
Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
And to my niggas livin' street life
Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
Still tote your vest man, niggas be trippin'
In the streets without a gat? Nah, nigga you're slippin'
If I'm trippin' on The F with weed on my breath
Original hustler with the muffler on the TEC
Respect to the Mack's and the Ac's
To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Watch mi respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Now this is Diana King doing a Yankee thing
In a Biggie Small's thing, do it, Jah
Have mercy
The gunman inna di party
And everybody feel irie
And everybody just follow me, follow me, follow me
Have mercy
The wul ah we in ah di party
And everybody look irie
Now di man them sexy, sexy, sexy
Do it!

No mercy fuh nuh big up unnu self
Cuh we nuh watch nuhtin to say or see
Hardcore ting we ah deal with
Oh yes, we are the best
No other guy cyaan

Say it mami, damn, why you actin' like that man?
'Cause I don't be doin' this
I'm sayin', you know it ain't nothin'
It's just part of sex, ya know'm saying
But you know I don't do this, I don't even know how to do this
I'm just sayin' mami, jus-just a little peck mami, for daddy
Just a little peck
Like that?
That's what I'm sayin', yeah
You know I don't be doin' this though tho', you know that
Whatever bitch, damnit

And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die?

Check it, I grew up a fuckin' screw-up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin' blew up
Choppin' rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls trying to turn into the black Frank White
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missing
Show they toes you know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat
I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, it don't phase me
When he drop, take his Glock, and I'm Swayze
Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight
Lay back, I got some money to make, motherfucker

And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die?

It's on me
But still I'm having memories of high speed when the cops crashed
As I laugh, pushing the gas while my Glocks blast
We was young and we was dumb, but we had heart
In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts
Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me
A couple of movies, now the whole world's trying to screw me
Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do?
But stay true, sipping 22's of brew
And now media is trying to test me
Got the press asking questions, trying to stress me
Misery is all I see, that's my mind state
My history with the police will shake the crime rate
My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested and flipped
He screamed "thug life" and emptied the clip
Got tired of running from the police

And I wonder if they'll laugh when I'm dead?
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight?
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight?
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try?
Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die?

Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Twelve gauges bust up in ya, playa haters we be quick to pin ya
You know we know, you don't wanna roll
'Cause when we give it to ya, we're gonna bring it to ya, oh yeah

Right off the jump, ooh, now I gots to let you know
When you see me runnin' rollin' with them big shotguns,
And we deep when we creep, never sleepin'
And we droppin' them whamies on fools who wanna get dumb and numb
Now, that you know like that
These niggas come around, they don't know how to act
In fact, I'm at the track in the back
With a couple of my cats in the hood, smokin' weed and up to no good
Red Dog in the trunk, and we rollin' that
Bang or slang, now bail on over to your thugs
So me and the rest of these thugs can marinade, marinade
We straight, get high, so high,
That's how my mental, that's how my mental state is like 
Parlay, parlay
Like everyday, don't think I don't pin playa hation
But ya better pinnin' yourself, or contend with the M-11,
Point .357 Automatic weapons from my shelf
These niggas wanna take my health and wealth
Check yourself, tryin' to contend, but they couldn't win
You took it to the head with a fifth of Hen
Now we in a red 500 Benz-o,  we roll, roll
Drop the top, and lock the locks, cock the glock
Bout to hit this corner, livin' like a thug on the real
Who's stronger when I put it on ya, on ya, all playa haters goners

Murder, mo murder, mo murder, mo murder them all
They fall, they fall buck buck, oh yeah
Niggas they get it then pissed off
And ah, and ah to fuck with the wrong motherfuckers
They fall (quick) when we buck, bitch, ooh
We got something to put you back into your truck quick
Hey, that four-four magnum, gon' handle em'
Ain't no nigga badder, point 357 put that ass on the mat
Execution, I'll be shootin' while you runnin' off at your mouth
You plot me cause you watch me, watch me, watch me
My nigga, we know what ya thinkin'
Bout, but bitch, if you run up and try me
I'm comin' up outta my shit with some shit
That be keepin' you runnin' and wonderin'
What have I got to make sure they lit him up good
And you can still find me, where (You know we no bullshit)
East 99, drug dealers and po-po, yeah that's St. Clair
Bone runnin' back to Mo', and that's Cleveland, Cleveland
You know we thuggin' and theivin', theivin'
If somebody got beef, we got millions done made
I rollin' thug records for ya, see my nigga
We comin' with nothin' to lose and bitch, if ya try me
(Any bodies) All those bloody bodies, tryin' to get outta the room
If I could just look up and see haters dyin', I'n I'n,
And flip up my mind and whenever you think I'm quiet
I get plots on the riot riot bang
That's way ya get em' man, get 'em, man, get 'em, man
Sneak up on em' and you kill em' and they won't fuck with ya no more
You havin' a party, and the weed goin' up in your body
Smokers chill, my niggas done got get me sloppy high, oh so so high.

Come on, come on, don't be shy
Let's get high

We got that herb

If you want some, want some
We got weed indeed, you need some, need some
Ah, yeah I know this just might sound crazy
But lately gotta roll with my gun
'Cause the haters they hate me
Wanna hurt that nigga, Bone, niggas somehow, someway get paid
And quit playa hatin'
That buck to the bang, everything I got, I got 'cause we rhyme
Tight rhyme, Had to thug it out, but it came in time, just in time
And if you give it to me, my thugs gon' give it you
So either way we go about this goes, somebody's head gon' get blown
Bone gon' on with your bad self, now hey, hey, hey
Blowin' up your face with your pistols
And get with that buck to the bang, bang, bang
Nigga wanna roll with Bone, it's on, cause nigga, we cool, we cool
Don't forget, playa haters get that buck to the bang
All up in that body, got him, got him
We won't be slippin', we just might be peepin' you all the time
I'm comin',  I'm gunnin' and I put that on the double nine

Shoot em' up always, hate when I break you off and you loss
And make it look to floss
Let there be coffins for all of your offspring
Now let there be coffins for all of your offspring
For the police on the corner, creepin' up
Here come them soldiers pullin' up
Better watch one of them St. Clair niggas
Put it in a gutter, better off and doze ya
Really know ya shouldn't have let me jumpin' up out your shit
You runnin' with a gang of bitches for you
Ready when I'm ready to do it you
It in my thang but a buck, buck is small change
It's off in ten to say that they niggas was bullshittin'
And the Bizzy maintain, nigga this the North Coast homie
That city where the St. Clair niggas sell dope
I hear police roll deep in the set, see none of us scared
And we show that it's on, bitch, bang
You feel the pitch of my trigger finger's a bitch
I done put it down with my click, and stood on my own,
And kill flesh and I rest on the nine
I'll be fuckin' with y'all, slangin' my dogs
And em' all niggas been anxious lil' Bizzy, but it's all good
I still ball, and I know when ya roll
I'm snatchin' your souls with the Bone
We can show it, and since I'm a flow, and it's all of y'all realer
My niggas, I figured I'd let 'em all know it
Playas takin' up off the style, well, if you think I'm scared
You, dead wrong, did you think when I break you down.

Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Twelve gauges bust up in ya, playa haters we be quick to pin ya
You know we know, you don't wanna roll
'Cause when we give it to ya, we're gonna bring it to ya, oh yeah

Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Shoot, shoot, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up, shoot 'em up
Twelve gauges bust up in ya, playa haters we be quick to pin ya
You know we know, you don't wanna roll
'Cause when we give it to ya, we're gonna bring it to ya, oh yeah

Good evenin' ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin' tonight?
I'd like to welcome to the stage, the lyrically acclaimed, ha
I like this young man, because, when he came out
He came out wit the phrase, he went from ashy to classy
Ha, I like that
So everybody in the house, give a warm, round of applause for
The Notorious B.I.G.
The Notorious B.I.G. ladies and gentlemen give it up for him y'all

Uh, a nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pin stripes and the gray (Uh-huh)
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt, I'm sewing tigers on my shirt
And alligators
Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later
Here come the drama, oh, that's that nigga wit the fake, blaow!
Why you punch me in my face, stay in ya place
Play ya position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket
Rob him while his friends watchin'
That hoes clockin', here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, BIG man they never try
So we roll wid 'em, stole wid 'em
I mean loyalty, niggas bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, buttercrunch
In gear, Oshkosh with blue and white ducks
Pass the blunt

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

Uh-huh, I was a shame, my crew was lame
I have enough heart for most of 'em
Long as I got stuff from most of 'em
It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go 'round
Plus I'm fuckin, bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin', dabbled in crack, gun packin'
Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class, to English, pass off a global
The only nigga wit a mobile, can't you see like Total
Gettin' larger in waist and taste
Ain't no tellin' where this felon is headin', just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of your melon, clear the space
Ya brain was a terrible thing to waste
Eighty-eight long gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin' spliffs wit niggas, real life beginner killers
Prayin' God forgive us for being sinners, help us out

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

After realizin', to master enterprisin'
I ain't have ta be in school by ten, I was in
Began to encounter, wit my counter-parts
On how to burn the block apart, break it down into section
Drugs by the selection
Some use pipes, others use injections
Syringe sold seperately, Frank the deputy
Quick to grab my Smith & Wesson, like my dick was missin'
To protect my position, my corner, my layer
While we out here, say the hustlas prayer
If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man
Take a better stand
Put money in my moms hand
Get my daughter this college plan, so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid
Only make moves when your heart's in it
And live the phrase Sky's The Limit
Motherfucker, see you chumps on top

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want

I'm sittin' in the crib dreamin' about Leer jets and coupes
The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop
Oops! I'm interrupted by a doorbell

3:52, who the hell
Is this?
I gets up quick
Cock my shit

Stop the dogs from barkin'
Then proceed to walkin'
Its a face that I seen before
My nigga Sing, he used to sling on the 16th floor

Check it
I look deeper
I see blood up on his sneakers
And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth

So I dip
Nigga, is you creepin' or speakin'?
He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the beacon
I opens up the door, pitiful

Is he in critical?
Retaliation for this one won't be minimal
'Cause I'm a criminal
Way before the rap shit

Bust the gat shit
Puff won't even know what happened,
If it's done smoothly
Silencers on the Uzi

Stash in the hooptie
My alibi, any cutie
With a booty that don't fucked Big Pop
Head spinnin', reminiscin' bout my man C-Rock

Somebody gotta die
If I go, you gotta go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

Somebody gotta die
If I go, you gotta go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

Fillin' clips he explained our situation
Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin'
Some kid named Jason
In a Honda station, wagon

Was braggin'
About how much loot and crack he stackin'
Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique
A small crew

'Round the time I was locked up with you
True indeed
But yo nigga let me proceed
Don't fill them clips too high

Give them bullets room to breathe
Damn where was I?
Yeah, run out of town, blew the fuck up
D-Rock went home
And Jay got stuck the fuck up
Hit 'em twice

Caught 'em right for the Persian white
Pistol whipped his kids
And taped up his wife
He figured Rock set em up, no question
Wet em up no less
Than 50 shots in his direction
How many shots?
Man nigga, I seen mad holes

"What kinda gats?"
"Heckler & Koch and Calicos"
But fuck that
I know where all them niggas rest at
In the buildin' hustlin'
And they don't be strapped
Supreme in black
Is downstairs, the engine runnin'
Find a bag to put the guns in
And c'mon if you comin'

Somebody gotta die
If I go, you gotta go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

Somebody gotta die
If I go, you gotta go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down
How it's gonna go down
Lay these niggas low-down
Slow down
Fuck all that plannin' shit
Run up in they cribs
And make 'em catch the man n shit
See niggas like you do ten year bids
Miss the nigga they want
And murder innocent kids
Not I
One niggas in my eye

That's Jason
Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted
Revenge I'm tastin' at the tip of my lips
I can't wait to feel my clip in his hips

Pass the chocolate
Thai
Sing ain't lie
There's Jason with his back to me

Talkin' to his faculty
I start to get a funny feeling
Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealin'
Scream his name out

Squeeze six knuckles shorter
Nigga turned around holdin' his daughter

Notorious

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang wit us,
Straight up weed no angel dust, label us notorious,
Thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us,
Y'all niggas be scramblin gamblin, up in restaurants with mandolins and violins,
We just sittin here tryin to win, tryin' not to sin,
High off weed and lots of gin, so much smoke need oxygen,
Steadily countin' them Benjamin's
Nigga you should too if you knew what this game would do to you
Been in this shit since '92, look at all the bullshit I've been through,
So called beef with you know who, fucked a few female stars or two,
Then a blue-light niggas knew like Mike shit not to be fucked with.
Muthafucka better duck quick, 'cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim, no aspiration to quit the game.

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
All them niggas I gotta fight one, all them hoes I gotta like one
Our situation is a tight one, what you wanna do? Fight or run?

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

Nigga money livin' marvelous, in god we trust
Don't too many niggas wanna start wit us,
Got big guns in the cars wit us
Bust at any motherfucker acting hard with us,
Don't really wanna show you what a GIB, I'd rather be sippin' Remy in VIP,
When you hear the music it'll be by me, Twista with the legendary nigga BIG,
Brooklyn and K-town, when you checkin' out the flow
You know it's gon' reign with persistence
Two legends on the same track, two different plains of existence
Lets get it crackin' I love to bust flows
Hit it from the back 'cause I love to buck hoe
Spit it for the city I love Chicago
Calico's buck, I love to bust those,
You think you can spit on the mic like Biggie and flow just as steady as I
Shit is real, you know you love him, you ain't got "Ready to Die"
"Life After Death", give it to you, however you want it nigga
Got it, they got ya, give it to you, however you want it nigga
Cause the shit it get deep, so I carry big heat
Screamin "Come and get me"
Twista and Biggie on the Swizz Beat (Swizzie)
Free mils, I love to make one
All these cars, I love to ride one
All these hoes, I love to cut one
A tribute to Big, I love to bust one

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

In the middle it it I'ma, bring niggas more drama than their baby mommas
Nigga wanna battle, I'ma bomb ya
One man, but attack like a pack of piranhas, like Terra-cota
Niggas always ready for the war, but they really don't wanna see a nigga though
We can do em in a minute, then we finish with 'em
Hit em wit the feelin of a nigga wit a sick ol' flow
Doin it wit Swizz, oh no, you niggas is in some trouble
Somebody better call po-po
It's gonna be murder when I get to servin 'em verbally, man
Nigga y'all heard of me, wig splitta, killa nigga word to me
And I'm classic, like Bird and Magic
Wit a tactic to snatch it, strap back and stack some platinum
Double on the mag random, with the bullets I brand em
Finna hold the game ransom
Runnin' up in your mansion,
Catch them magnums, flashing cannons
Niggas ain't ready for this one
'Cause I'm on a mission to get even better
Believe it I'm heavily heated it's easy to see me
If you trying to see me, let that be the reason

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

Notorious (You just heard the sounds of the king of New York)
Notorious (B.I.G.)
Notorious (Woo!)
Notorious (There's only one crown)

Uh
Inhale this, clench your fist
Then ya, feel the mist through the uterus
Can ya, picture this?
Life without me? Wake up, you're having bad dreams
Cause ya fiend for a toke
My crew tote Tocques and mink coats
On the cell with the boat
What you thought, get caught, get bailed out?
Fuck the jailhouse, Hennessey on the rocks
Is all we got as we sail out, entrepeneurs
Cristal pourer, be glad we ain't takin' yours
Boring huh? I'm warnin' ya
Style waits for no bitch, I dream rich
When I fuck with scratch and sniff
Now I stacks the shit, and practice it
So no bitch can tax the shit, miraculous
So I can relax a bit, and get my dick licked
Drugs, baby
Haha

Need a little something that can take me there
To a place that I can get away from
My feelings so far away
Somewhere with my head up in the clouds
Suddenly it doesn't feel so loud
So far, away, somewhere

I got 'em
Ayo, platinum choker, heavy smoker
The gun toter, Barrack Obam' supporter
Recently Hillary voter
Smoking loud way up in the cloud
Disappearing in my thoughts
Disappearing from courts
Yao Ming face, eyes chinky
Kush got my breath stinky
50 thousand large shine on my pinky
Women lust me, they say I'm too ghetto
They can't trust me, my timeline be filled with his bitch
He wanna bust me, Mira Mira talk
Coca Cola deals, big scales
Doing different shit, Alaska
SnapChatting at Wheels Donnie
My prognosis is atrocious out the black wraith
Fly shit, never down, I stay with some faith
Ahh

Need a little something that can take me there
To a place that I can get away from
My feelings so far away
Somewhere with my head up in the clouds
Suddenly it doesn't feel so loud
So far, away, somewhere

Dreamt of Ferraris and Ferragamos
Raised on the streets, and married the marijuana
Told the joint terminate my thoughts like Sarah Conner
But it couldn't, but I smoked with Big, a badge of honor
And Faith, what's fate?
Light and 8th and I'm straight
That's the morning
But I'mma need a zip when it's late
I used to sit on the crate
But now I dip in the seats
Of the Cherokee
The therapy's a spliff to the face (huh?)
I'm from the strain gang and the mean team
Cut the lights, turn the beat on, let the pain bang
Light the joint, the escape route
You heard it from the Ghost
But you should it hear it from Faith now

Need a little something that can take me there
To a place that I can get away from
My feelings so far away
Somewhere with my head up in the clouds
Suddenly it doesn't feel so loud
So far, away, somewhere

Ayo Big, we got it
We gon' hold baby-girl down, man
Ay, ay, ay
Talk now baby

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

I've been in this game for years, it made me an animal
It's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Number Uno, never let no one know
How much dough you hold cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number 2, never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for their bricks and chips
Number 3, never trust no-bo-dy
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number 4, I know you heard this before
Never get high on your own supply
Number 5, never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want a ounce, tell 'em bounce!
Number 6, that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back, shit forget it!
7, this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like 2 dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number 8, never keep no weight on you!
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number 9 shoulda been Number 1 to me,
If you ain't gettin' bagged stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin' they ain't trying to listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number 10, a strong word called consignment
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say "hell no!"
'Cause they gon' want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, 24 years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up, heard in three weeks
She sniffed a whole half of cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up

[Verse 1]
From cuttin' solid Purico to stack Fritos
went from grams to kilos
Mac in one hand, in the other hand grands and see-notes
game got my eyes wider than a 430 Buggy
no tellin' what the fuck I'll do for this money
stay posted up close with killers and cut throats
the thoroughest bitches who in they pussy stuff coke
as I cook and cut coke with the bakin' soda Arm and Hammer
palmin' hammers
think you crazy? nigga, my clique's bananas
takin' over with the Mafia
hittin' niggas for they bricks like Gracias
the cockiest, it's obvious, it's me, he, who?
confront frontin' niggas like "You want it? well nigga, me too"
what the fuck, I'm callin' your bluff, niggas act like they stopped
makin' guns after they made yours
I'm sponsored by the NRA, DOA rules
grin and stand over your coffin like "Hey you!"
tell the Devil I'm comin', keep it hot
for now I got my eyes on a billboard spot
don't stop. 

[Chorus 2X]
Die for it
take the stand, lie for it
blow trial, get up in the chair and fry for it
never tellin' or snitchin'
rather swim with the fish'n
mothafucka respect it, the commission

[Verse 2]
(First 4 lines with Jamaican accent)
I buy and sell bricks with my nigga P.D.
down with the team called B.B.E.
now if you want to join the team you know you must see me
buy ya can't talk to FEDS or dick R.I.D. 
It's a cold World baby boy, fuck it, I'm colder
Animals on my back keep my warm, my armor
Frank Lucas persona, warmin' coke up in the sauna
let me warn ya, trip against my team you's a goner
infact it's drastic
a couple Million in the mattress
with a safe dick I say fuck taxes
rather endulge in duct tape pig tie tactics
crime pays 
nigga, Nine-Hundred and Ninety-Nine ways
my destiny's vague, will I survive or blow trial?
lay shot up, Puff cryin' in denial
while my enemies smile, buried in style
Gucci suits and cufflings
sneakin' drugs through Heavens customs.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
POP POP POP! warning shot, who's to blame
Shyne mothafucka, don't forget the name
stretch the Caine, to cop the house and the plane
'till my Massacre, slain
brains hang from the window of my Range
fuck the FEDS, 2 green and one red
Firm tight, hold the dice in this game of life
Aces suffice
paper's a must
Fallen Angels and Angel dust
my team do dirt to avoid layin' in the dust
Million dollar portraits in my fortress
of course it's Po
bloodstainin', aeroplanin', Four-Hundred horses slow
Platinum cable, round table, so all the bosses know
I'm takin' over 
'cause they coke got too much bakin' soda
they say money ain't everything
you fuckin' right nigga, it's the only thing
in God we trust, the Holy thing
I look into my enemy's eye 
let 'em know you play fly you go out Kennedy style.

Chorus 2x

Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em
Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business
What is this with you, all you wanna do is lay around
And stay around and get mad when I play around
Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me
Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say
So I guess you think I'm slippin' cause I ain't flippin'
Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin'

I don't care about the money or the cars that you got uh
'Cause it don't mean nothing
I done did a whole lot and I got my own
I can teach you some thing
I'm not impressed by those things
'Cause I ain't the one who needs you
The reason that I fuck with you ain't because I need you baby
I do what I wanna do, I don't need a man to save me
If it's money in the bank, I got it
You don't never have to do without it with me

All I do all day is drink Tanqueray
Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face
It seems like it's a waste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme
I hear you jump in every car, except for mine
But you mean them Benzes and Bentleys they see me in all the time?
The range rover trucks? That's all mine
You better slow your roll baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me
You know the pin number, just page me when you real baby

I don't care about the money or the cars that you got uh
'Cause it don't mean nothing
I done did a whole lot and I got my own
I can teach you some thing
I'm not impressed by those things
'Cause I ain't the one who needs you
The reason that I fuck with you ain't because I need you baby
I do what I wanna do, I don't need a man to save me
If it's money in the bank, I got it
You don't never have to do without it with me

So let me hold you down
You could do the same for me
Baby you're so bright on top
I could be your everything
Just don't take me for granted
Like someone else couldn't have it
There's so many fish in the sea (so many fish in the sea)

The reason that I fuck with you ain't because I need you baby
I do what I wanna do, I don't need a man to save me
If it's money in the bank, I got it
You don't never have to do without it with me
The reason that I fuck with you ain't because I need you baby
I do what I wanna do, I don't need a man to save me
If it's money in the bank, I got it
You don't never have to do without it with me
The reason that I fuck with you ain't because I need you baby
I do what I wanna do, I don't need a man to save me
If it's money in the bank, I got it
You don't never have to do without it with me

Hold up, shut this shit down
It's goin down baby, Funk Flex
We about to black out to fuckin Brooklyn, with my nigga Mister Cee
Cause you know how the fuck I get down!
Big dog, pit-bull status nigga!

Yeah
You're now enterin' the mode of the notorious Biggie Smalls
Junior Mafia click, representin'
This one goin out to Brooklyn, y'all know what time it is
It's goin out to all the gangsters
All the pimps and players, hoes and bitches
Y'all know what time it is so this what I want y'all to do
I want y'all to grab y'all Dutch Masters
And y'all White Owls and y'all Phillies mmm!
Get you a fat sack, a pint of Hennessy and lay back
Gon' do this one for my man Mister Cee, representin all day, everyday
And all you other tape niggaz, and bootleggers, stay in the house
Cause Brooklyn got this shit locked down
So any time you're ready Mister Cee
We gon' get hardcore on these homos

Like I said before, Junior MAFIA click, hardcore
Uhh, representin
Biggie Smalls in the house
Uhh, check it, huh

Biggie Smalls is the wickedest
Niggaz say I'm pussy? I dare you to stick your dick in this
If I was pussy I'd be filled with syphilis
Herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, gettin rid of ya
Got it locked like the penitentiary
Niggaz mention me for MC execution, who you choosin'?
The wack MC? Or the black fat MC?
Jack Dempsey would start shakin
All it's takin, is some marijuana and I'm makin
MC's break fast like flapjacks and bacon
Backspins to windmill, who's still the gin drinker
Ill thinker explodin' when the paper hits the ink, uhh
Take your gangsta chronicles, turn to page 666
Holocaust, Big the merciless
Niggaz press they luck-and they get a buttfuck-in
Straight up the ass, raw dog with the rash
And I don't fuck wit the condoms
The condoms is a problem from the AIDS gettin sprayed
Diseases, Big pleases, MC's across the seas
Is just the way I clutch my prey, hey
I'm crazy and deranged
Blowin niggaz out the frame, simple and plain
But gettin back, to the black, rhinoceros of rap
Big took a loss, how preposterous is that nigga?
Recognize notorious Biggie Smalls, ninety-four, "Ready to Die"
Y'all niggaz hold y'all heads
Mister Cee, set it off baby-pop

Make it hot
Make it hot
Make it hot
Make it hot

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Oh, yeah

Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore she be game for sure
Pimp so hard, a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it
Any chick fucking with me, believe me that's a privilege
I won't be satisfied, till all my niggas get it
See you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga we be flying through your hood
And hood rats scoping with they eyes on my goods
See we date em like we hate em, see em like we don't need em
Treat em like we meet em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you, never knew, what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
And if she's flexible fuck the nigga next to you

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
Make it hot
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Oh, yeah

When the Remi's in the system, ain't no telling
Will I fuck em will I diss em, that's what these hoes yelling
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase on, I'll replace on, punks
Drunk of Dom, silk and gators
Spitting words making birds till they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or thai
Nigga play against some player shit, slugs goin' fly
Ain't no lie, pimped out, the SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o, she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew, in each state
Now I got two in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
Make it hot
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Oh, yeah

I had a whole lotta bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game always say the right lines
Had a few prostitutes and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman loving a rich man
Now here you come, drop top riding
You ain't no pimp fake nigga stop lying
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that live it
Street life, pimp shit, make the hoe respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figured
She left you cause you couldn't be, like them real niggas
She was a hustler by nature, and you was just faker
Than the average symps, found a badder pimp
Too Short

Crazy ass man
I never would of bought that bitch all them cars
And all that shit you bought that hoe man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm thirty years old nigga
And that bitch was hoeing when I was in 9th grades and shit
Think about that, she been around then right?
Shit, you just a rest haven for hoes man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fucking witchu cause you had a good ass job, nigga nerd
Treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga
She ain't nothing but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife fool
Every time you turn your back that bitch is fucking with them gangstas
Eastside Westside these are my partners
Do that shit, you know what I'm talking bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man, yeah I know a few
Shit, bitch!

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Remember back in the days when niggas had waves
Cazal shades and corn braids
Pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
Shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
With the neighborhood crews, hanging on the avenues
Turn your pages to 1993
Niggas is getting smoked, G, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
'Cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
Totin' TECs for rep
Smoking blunts in the project hallways
Shooting dice all day
Waitin' for niggas to step up on some fighting shit
We get hype and shit and start lighting shit
So step away with your fist-fight ways
Motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
But you don't hear me though

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

No more coco-levio 1, 2, 3
1, 2, 3, all it is to me, is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seeing bodies with the motherfucking chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit too
For the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use Kung-Fu
Instead of a MAC-10, he tried scrapping
Slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
And we coming to the wake
To make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
Back in the days our parents used to take care of us
Look at 'em now, they even fuckin' scared of us
Calling the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a key knee-deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
Eating 5 cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
And now the shit's getting crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Skygrand pagers
Going out of town, blowing up
Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
It make me wanna grab the 9 and the shotty
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts
Every time I turn around, a nigga getting took out
Shit, my momma got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right

[27 seconds of street noise to open the song then dialogue]
We run the city

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges
I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggaz brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make yo' killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank
Them cats we fuckin with put bombs in your mom's gas tank
Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty 380's
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear the mall out
Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fuckin real, here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five apiece (uh-huh)
Enough to cop a six; buy the house on the beach (uh-huh)
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capiche?
Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech
Think about it now that's damn near one-point-five
I kill 'em all I'll be set for life, Frank pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades
If you die they still get paid, extra probably
Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss
Promise you won't rob 'em, I promise
But of course you know I had my fingers crossed

[Chorus: Raekwon]
Niggaz got to die, if I go they got to go
Niggaz got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggaz got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid
... if I go they got to go
Niggaz got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggaz got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid

[Raekwon]
We up in the lab, two Spanish, one Arab lady
Layin on the bed, lookin like a drag
Had the pillow cuffed, lookin at me and Frank, her grill was rough
Who woulda ever think she'd rather do us up
But that's the business, back to the sitch
On these Puerto Rican kids with pistols
Doin sign language is twitchin noses
Ask 'em where the money at, yo where the coke at papi?
We can do this all day, yo y'all both whack
They pulled out, one of my dunn soldiers was wombed out
They snuck up on him, put the tool up in his mouth
Walked them up in crib, big move, but they grabbed the kid
Had the shotty on my beehive, my wig
And yo they took me to the bathroom, started up the chainsaw yo
You gon' talk or see your brains on the floor
That's when 6 to 7 masked men, came in blastin yo
All I heard was Frank Lexi get the raw

[Chorus]

[Ghostface Killah]
Bleed just like us, believe my pipe bust
If he holdin the right amount of cheese I might rush the spot
Up early in the mornin, kick the door in, wave the 4 an'
(fuck) the brawlin, cause Tony for the stallin
And all I see is $ signs, here's the bottom line either
Give up the product or get shot up with a brolic 9
Invest figures to address (niggaz)
Workin out, all I curl is my index finger
Got a safe that hold more notes than Cortex singers
My work is move trays, serve 'em up like gourmet dinners
When it comes to cuttin that (coke), who got the best trimmers
Edward Scissorhands them grams, (niggaz) respect winners
I got them big spenders comin through, hourly
Competition, we knock 'em out the box, powerfully
Still drop a ill verse, on the D.I., me
You might be gone, but the legacy is B.I.G., nigga
Uh-huh

[Raekwon]
Yo I think they tryin to do somethin man
I don't know what it is but we gon' go in there handle this business man
Straight up, why'knahmean?
It's goin down...
Let's go handle this man...

(Yo, yo check this out, yeah motherfuckers)
(Come on motherfuckers, B.I.G. motherfuckers)
Too much smoke in here man
Crack a fucking window man, that's why the fuck we went to jail last time man
What the fuck wrong with you man
What the fuck man
Stupid nigga man
Fuck that
Yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo

I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your Dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now, cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average player hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice, they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out fo'-fo's and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range, nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard, like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz, thinking 'bout
All the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at 'cha
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out fronting, smoking something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it with the basic, six TV's, a system
Knocking Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard your shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

Niggas playing they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long
Finessed what I was dealt with from the day I was born
While you bent up on that corner, niggas plotting and scheming
Huggin' them little hoes, be creeping with MAC demons
Niggas know not to fuck with my dough
Niggas know not to fuck with this little bro, I'm 10 seconds hit'n'go
Black mask, black truck, chrome rims, Chuk' Timbs
Enough to confuse any witness
Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel with
You gotta get hit, your man dead, so you gotta handle this
Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all
You know the niggas with the biggest balls set the new laws
And flip fours, have 'em washing drawers while you up North
Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed
Overhearing niggas situations, singing like Lou Rawls
Sitting on the stand with no remorse

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

Yo, yo, how we do niggas, I don't beef, I shoot niggas
If I can't get the main character, a few niggas then
I don't need no gin to boost me
I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go
I got fire in my heart, guns in my car
Cash in my Carhartts, it ain't hard to get 'em
Like blaow when I hit 'em, the nigga shit his drawers
When the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggas thought?
Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or
Would it be the same if I couldn't claim those?
Fuckin' put holes through your Range Rove'
Cocksucker, beat it, while you bleedin' on the dashboard
Niggas get, what they hand call for, I'm gettin' rich
You get deaded, I get erections over revenge, kid
You get a quiet spot in the shade for a grave
I'll lay a nigga down and steam roll away

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

I never thought it would be like this
I never thought it would be like this
I always thought you would be here
Always thought you would be by my side
I never thought it would be like this
Oh God I miss you, c'mon

Y'all can't see this (B.I.G. motherfuckers)
That this might be the night (Mobb Deep motherfuckers, Bad Boy motherfuckers)
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I can't keep running back to you
See my days are cold without you (Here's Another one)
But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I won't keep running back to you
(And another one, what? what?)

I think I found my strength to finally get up and leave
No more broken heart for me
No more tellin' your lies to me (And another one)
I'm lookin' like I got my head on right so now I see
No more givin' you everythin'
There's no more takin' my love from me (what?)

See my days are cold without you (Here's Another one)
But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I can't keep running back to you
See my days are cold without you (Here's Another one)
But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I won't keep running back to you

Glad to wake up every day without you on my brain
No more waiting late up at night
No more havin' to fuzz and fight
I'm proud to say that I will never make the same mistake
No more thinkin' about what you do
There's no more of me runnin' back to you

See my days are cold without you (Here's Another one)
But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I can't keep running back to you
See my days are cold without you (Here's Another one)
But I'm hurting while I'm with you (And another one)
And though my heart can't take no more,
I won't keep running back to you

Some say the x make the sex spec-tacular,
Let me lick you from yo neck to yo back
Then ya, shiverin', tongue deliverin'
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If its alright wit' you, we fuckin' (that's cool)
Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin' in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between yo legs
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to yo mother's bed
At the Marriott, we be lucky if we find a spot next to yo sister
Damn I really miss the way she used to rub my back when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle
Now I know you used to sweets at the Parker Meridian, trips to the Caribbean
But tonight, no ends

You must be used to me cryin' (And another one)
While you're out bumpin' and grindin'
But I'm leaving you tonight 
See my days are cold without you 
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more,
I can't keep running back to you
You must be used to me cryin' (And another one)
While you're out bumpin' and grindin'
But I'm leaving you tonight (Uh and another one)

One, one two
Check me out right here yo

Yo, the sun don't shine forever
But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
Better now than never, business before pleasure
P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better?

Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight
So when you hear somethin' make sure you hear it right
Don't make a ass outta yourself, by assumin'
Our music keeps you movin' what are you provin'?
You know that I'm two levels above you baby
Hug me baby, I'm a make you love me baby
Talkin' crazy, ain't gon' get you nothin' but choked
And that jealousy is only gonna leave you broke
So the only thing left now is God for these cats
And B.I.G. you know you too hard for these cats
I'm a win cause I'm too smart for these cats
While they makin' up facts (uh) you rakin' up plaques

In The Commission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
You heard of us, the murderous, most shady
Been on the low lately, the feds hate me
The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant
You hesitatin' I'm in your mama crib waitin'
Duct tapin' your fam' destiny
lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
Francis, M to the iz-H phenomenal
Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars
And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes
Excellence is my presence, never tense
Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike
Anyone, Tyson, Jordan, Jackson
action, pack guns, ridiculous
And I'm, quick to bust, if my ends you touch
Kids or girl you touch, in this world I clutch
Two auto-matos, used to call me fatso
Now you call me Castro, my rap flows
militant, y'all faggots ain't killin' shit
Oops Crystal keep spillin' shit, you overdid it homes
You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
Hold hands and say it like me
The most shady, Frankie baby, fantastic
Graphic, tryin' to make dough, like Jurassic
Park did quick to spark kids who start shit
See me, only me
The Under-boss of this holocaust
Truly yours, Frank White

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggaz is at?
Where my niggaz is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggaz is at?
Where my niggaz is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

Put your money on the table and get your math on
Break it down, split it up, get your laugh on
See you later Dog, I'ma get my stash on
There's a bed full of money that I get my ass on
I never lose the passion to go platinum
Said I'd live it up 'til all the cash gone
Ain't that funny, only use plastic, craft it
to make classics, hotter than acid
P-D, rollin on your tape or CD
The girl-boy killa, no team illa
The Fam-o, ammo, is every channel
We been hot for a long time burnin like a candle
What you can do is check your distribution
My songs bump in Houston like Scarface produced 'em
You ain't gotta like me, you just mad
cause I tell it how it is, and you tell it how it might be

We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights
The heaters in the two-seaters, with two Midas
Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
P. Diddy run the city, show no pity
I'm the witty one, Frank's the crook from the Brook'
Matty broke the neck of your coke connect
No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish
Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish
Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe
Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Luc'
Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin' him
Niggas step up, with just Mase and 'em
Placin' them in funerals, criminals turned aroused
The Brick City, nobody come off like P.Diddy
Business wise, I play men
Hide money on the Island Cayman, y'all just betray men
You screamin, I position, competition
Another day in the life, of the Commission

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at?
Where my bitches is at?

We got the real live shit!
Fuck y'all niggas wanna do?

It's all fucked up now
What I'm a do now, huh?
What I'm a do now?
It's all fucked up now

What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, Glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin'
The lesson from the Smith and Wesson is depressin'
Niggas keep stressin', the same motherfuckin' question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
And my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake

I'm here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin' through (if I should die before I wake)
This, can be, reality (if I should die before I wake)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (if I should die before I wake)
My dead face I see, my dead face I see

On your mark, get set, when I spark you're wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked wit death
Should I, start your breath or should I let you die
If he start to cry, ask why?
Lyrically, I'm worshiped, don't front, the word's sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stomped quickly for raw T's and show money
Don't forget the publishin', I'm punishin'
I'm done wit them, son I'm surprised you run wit them
I think they got cumin, cause they nothin' but bitch
Tryna blow up like nitro wit dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke, but yo I rock diamonds that's sick
Got paper off my flow, ride wit my own click
Take chicks to Cairo, layin' wit yo' bitch
I know you playin' you was rich
Fuck you prick, when I see you I'ma

I am here, I'm watching you (when I see you I'ma)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin' through (when I see you I'ma)
This, can be, reality (when I see you I'ma)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (when I see you I'ma)
My dead face I see (when I see you I'ma), my dead face I see!

When I see you I'ma.. when I see you I'ma

Uh yeah, Bad Boy baby
Ralph Tresvant
Biggie Smalls
Listen

Uh yeah baby ooh, listen to me, oh yeah

When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the 'Thriller in Manila'
Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean
I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter
Skinny or fat or light-skinned or black, baby I drop these
Boricua mommies screamin' "Ay papi!"
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drug flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a fo'-fo'
For niggas gettin' mad 'cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G ya see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin' physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So gimme a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back

What you wanna do?
I got that old thing back
What you wanna see?
Baby sing relax and feel
What you did, where you are
You're with a star

Bitches screamin' they want that old thing back
Like B I Double G I E
With some new R-U-L-E
Notorious known to bustin' in ya E-Y-E, baby baby!
Bitches know they love to hate me
I come, you come, we come, with back some maybe
How close we came to comin' together is crazy
How come you and your sister make similar faces 
When y'all cummin' y'all be cryin' like I'm killin' ya bitches
Knows there's a bigger picture than the camera rollin'
'Cause I don't think y'all be knowin' how the shit's unfoldin'
Back shots to the rear, got the MAC unloaded
Got a reload, like every so often
You sayin' I got my swagger back
I'm lookin' like bitch, my swagger never left
But we so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers
They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back (Shit)

What you wanna do?
I got that old thing back
What you wanna see?
Baby sing relax and feel
What you did, where you are
You're with a star

Is my mind playin' tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin' nightmares of girls killin' me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E&J; and Ginger Ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins
Another hun's in the crib, please send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits a lot
But lickin' clits had to stop
'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow, really though
I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Timb boots and your bodysuit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex gettin' rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressin' 'em, I'm undressin' 'em
Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York
Fulfillin' fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke
Or tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split, shit
Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin' for an intermission
Fuck the kissin', lickin' down to your belly button, I ain't frontin'
They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin', all of a sudden

What you wanna do?
I got that old thing back
What you wanna see?
Baby sing relax and feel
What you did, where you are
You're with a star

Who the fuck is this? Paging me at 5:46
In the morning, crack of dawn and
Now I'm yawning, wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this paging me and why?
It's my nigga, Pop, from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down love, please chill, drop the caper

Remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville
That you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?

Yeah my nigga Fame up in Prospect
Nah them my niggas nah love wouldn't disrespect

I didn't say them, they schooled me to some niggas
That you knew from back when, when you was clocking minor figures
Now they heard you're blowing up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warning me 'cause now I'm warning you
I got the MAC, nigga tell me what you gonna do

Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper

They heard about the Rolex's and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib you bought your moms out in Florida
The Fifth Corridor

Call the coroner!
There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing
If my burglar alarm starts ringing
What ya think all the guns is for?
All-purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed 'em gunpowder, so they can devour
The criminals trying to drop my decimals
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
Now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
Bet ya Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the Black Talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put the fuckers in a bad predicament, where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck! What I'ma hit you with you motherfuckers better duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on you rasshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C-4 to your door, no beef no more nigga
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you?
I'm not running, nigga I bust my gun and
Hold on, I hear somebody coming

(C'mon motherfucker) I'm only comin' to pass the gat
(Just bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on)
Are we gettin' close, huh?
(It's right over here)
Are you sure this Biggie Smalls crib man?
(Yeah I'm sure motherfucker, c'mon!)
Ahh fuck, it better be his motherfuckin' house
Fuck right here
This better be this motherfucker's house
(Oh shit!) What, what's wrong?
(What's that red dot on your head man!)
What red dot?
Oh shit! 
You got a red dot on your head too!

Ohh shit!

The Commission 
Uncle Paulie Big Ditti 
Caesar Leo DeGenero (yeahhh) 
Charli Baltimore Iceberg Slim 
The most shadiest Frank Baby 
We here (do you know what beef is?) 
We ain't goin nowhere (do you know what beef is?) 
Uh uh (ask yourself do you know what beef is?) 
Uh uh uhh 
Ha ha ha ha ha check out this bizarre 
rapper style used by me the B.I.G. 
I put my key you put your key in money we'll be seein' 
Will reach the fuckin' ceiling, check, check it 
My Calico been cocked (uh-huh) this rap Alfred Hitchcock 
drop top notch playa hating won't stop (uhh) 
This instant, rappers too persistent 
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste 
like ass when you speak it, see me in the street 
your jewelry you can keep it, that be our little secret 
See me, be that is, I that is, G whiz 
Motherfuckers still in my biz 
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin' kidnip kids? (uhh) 
Fuck e'm in the ass, throw em over the bridge (oooh) 
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what) 
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out) 
y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call 
All y'all disappear by tomorrow 
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow 
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this 
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep 
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets 
Beef is when I see you 
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time 
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep 
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep 
Beef is when I see you 
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it 
I done smoked with the best of em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of em 
(uh-huh) 
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of em 
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be 
whylin on you just be, stylin on you (you so crazy) 
When I, tried to warn you what your eyes fucked up 
Now I cleared them shits with hits you want to fuckin bitch (mmm) 
Pardon my French but ahh, sometimes I get kinda 
peeved at these, weak MC's (don't stop) with the 
supreme baller like, lyrics I call em like I see em G 
y'all niggaz sound like me (yeah) 
y'all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me 
It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka (booyaka) 
Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no tellin what I do to ya (I do to ya) 
It's obvious the game's new to ya (new to ya) 
Take them ends you make (ehehe) 
and spend em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with ya 
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep) 
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe) 
Beef is when I see you 
Guaranteed to be an ICU (I see you) one more time 
What's beef? (What's beef) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep 
(Start my Jeep) Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep) 
Beef is when I see you 
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it (I see you) 
There'll be nothin but smooth sailin (sailin) 
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin (bailin) 
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh) 
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (oooh) 
Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya 
A first class ticket to Lucife, real name Cristopher 
Watch me set it off like Vivica 
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh) 
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten 
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen 
It's bad cause I just begun, we'll make the real bad 
now we's havin fun (ahaha!) 
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep 
(Don't sleep) Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets 
(ain't safe) 
Beef is when I see you 
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time (I see you) 
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep 
(Start my Jeep) Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep) 
Beef is when I see you (I see you) 
Guaranteed to be an ICU, and I'm through 
(Yeah, and I'm through) 
Uhhh, uhhh 
It's like that 
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?) 
Like that 
(Then ask yourself) 
Uhh 
(Do you really, want beef?) 
Like that, like that
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that) 
(Big Nash, hit me baby, on and on and on and on) 
(Bad Boy) 
(Y'all know what it is) 
(Shit, I don't want no beef, ahaaa!)

Throw your hands in the sky, nigga
I'm stickin' ice picks on the tip of ya dick
Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit?
Am I hard hard core, harder than a Plymouth
It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with the spliff
And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back
So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act?
I hope civilized 'cause I love to see niggaz die
Brains all leakin' out on the street
And the pastor preachin' "He was a good man"
Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand
Now he's singin' sad songs with Elvis
Three to the head, 'bout six cross the pelvis
Ya fuck with the high guy ya die
Yeah the same motherfucker yellin' "Look up in the sky!"
I'm on some old neck shit, Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit, and Tec shit

What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)


A repetitive loop
All I need to destroy a soloist or group
Huh, I put it to ya boy
Hope you got the scoop
Biggie Smalls, the rap genius
I keep the glock by the penis, the cleanest cut
Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts
Huh, I use a rubber, but
My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy
And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Into flamin' 'em like that little nigga Damien
Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium
Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker
Niggaz in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker
I tricked 'em, I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em
I stripped 'em, cause niggaz don't want the friction
Told you before how I bring the dra-ma
Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandma-ma

What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)

Aye yo
Time to bring 'em back
Yeah

It's the Commission, niggaz
B-I-G lives on
Brooklyn
Uh, uh, uh, uh, Let's go!
It's fuckin' deadly
Lucky Lefty of the Commission, bow down
By now you fuckers know this is our crown
Two Uptown bullies, Brooklyn Biggie
Bedstuy Hov like Bedstuy Gold
Behold the fly-est (it's the Commission)
Bentley drivers, Louis Vuitton buyers
Jet fuel abusers, sippin' Patruise
Once Upon A Time In America's muse
You based on us, you fiction
Ya eight's don't bust, you a constant contradiction
Ladies please use contraception
Conception's at a all time high with sexin'
Use protection
You fuckers shoulda never been born, shoulda never got signed
How the fuck you got on?
How the fuck you got Shawn?
I'm too advanced, the Lance Armstrong of the dance
Rubberband man before T.I. was
King of New York like B.I. was
B.K. all day, it's in my blood
You wanna see my mask and gloves?
What the fuck you want?

What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)

Two of the world's greatest
Brooklyn's Finest
The Commission lives on
B-I-G Forever
The Biggie Duets
Let's go

Y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon stop, giving LA props
Ain't no party like a West Coast party
'Cause a West Coast party don't stop

When we party on the West Coast (on the West Coast)
Drinkin' and smokin' all night, all night long
We keep it funky on the West Coast
(They gon' keep it funky on the West Side)
I got love for my people on the West Coast, yeah

When the la-la hits ya, lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
The maze is a daze, I blaze, I will amaze
Smokin' while you're loccin' with some California A's
Me and B.I.G., what it is, get it in
Sippin' gin with the Hen in the alleyway
Bangin' the Cali way
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth of that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-a-Leo
S-N-double O-P, big D-O
Old school nigga, '84 El Camino
LBC know, we love Biggie though
I.E.Y. in even Bernadino

When we party on the West Coast (on the West Coast)
Drinkin' and smokin' all night, all night long
We keep it funky on the West Coast
(They gon' keep it funky on the West Side)
I got love for my people on the West Coast, yeah

Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed - sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Y'all know I'm from the West, I'm the king to be exact
You better holla at me when you need that chronic sack
I got it all, one call, no stall, on the ball
Winter, spring, summer, fall
Listen to me, holla at ya dogg
Words of the clever, forever multiply
Birds of a feather, preparin' 'em to fly
Perfection, selection
This is a B.I.G. D.P.G.C. connection
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues, what it do!

When we party on the West Coast (on the West Coast)
Drinkin' and smokin' all night, all night long
(We be drinkin' and smokin' all night)
We keep it funky on the West Coast
(We gon' keep it funky on the West Side)
I got love for my people on the West Coast, yeah

Party jumpin' like hydraulics when we start it
Ain't no stoppin', they be puffin' on that chronic
On the West Coast
We keep it funky on the West Coast
(We gon' keep it funky on the West Side)
I got love for my people on the West Coast, yeah

Don't you wanna ride with me?
Don't you wanna ride?
People come and ride with me
To the West Side
Ain't no party like a West Coast party
'Cause a West Coast party don't stop
Don't you wanna ride with me?
Don't you wanna ride?
People come and ride with me
To the West Side
Ain't no party like a West Coast party
'Cause a West Coast party don't stop
On the West Coast, yeah
Havin' a party on the West Side
Know you wanna ride with me
Know you wanna ride

As we proceed
To give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers     
As we proceed
To give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers

Now turn the mics up (As we proceed)
Turn that mic up, yea that beat is knockin', need that mic up tho (To give you what you need)
Turn that shit the fuck up (East coast motherfuckers)
Uh, what? (Bad Boy motherfuckers)
Turn it up louder
Yea, uh

As we proceed, to give you
What you need
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

Who shot ya?
Seperate the weak from the ob-solete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef
I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek
Your heartbeat sound like Sasquatch feet
Thundering, shaking the concrete
Finish it, stop, when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school new school need to learn though
I burn baby burn like Disco Inferno
Burn slow like blunts with yayo
Peel more skins than Idaho potato
Niggas know, the lyrics molestin' is takin' place
Fuckin' with B.I.G. it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on the masses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Land Cruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggas mad because I know that cash rules
Everything around me two Glock 9s
Any motherfucker whispering about mines
And I'm Crooklyn's finest
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this

As we proceed
To give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers

As we proceed
To give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers

Get high motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Smoke blunts motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Ready to die motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cocksucker G's up
One false move, get Swiss cheesed up
Clip to TEC, respect I demand it
Slip and break the 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with nor see Poppa
Feel a thousand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Pussy when I want, Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Baileys
On the rocks, tote Glocks at christenings
Hammer cock, in the fire position and

Get live motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers

Come here, come here
Open your fucking mouth, open your, didn't I tell you don't fuck with me? Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me?
Huh? Look at you now
Huh? 
Can't talk with a gun in your mouth huh?
Bitch-ass nigga, what?
(Get live motherfuckers)

Woke up in the morning, you were not there
All I seen was an imprint of your head
In my pillow, weeping willow
Why'd I treat you so bad
I shoulda known one day that you'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that I'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that we'd be

Why did you have to be this way
Baby all you had to say
Was that you were sick and tired of the man I began to be
But you planned a great escape
Bright and early before I wake
We both knew we had to break
You coulda chose a better way

Woke up in the morning, you were not there
All I seen was an imprint of your head
In my pillow, weeping willow
Why'd I treat you so bad
I shoulda known one day that you'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that I'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that we'd be

It was cold the way you left
Still the pain is in my chest
Because in my heart I felt you shoulda came and talked to me
If you put away your pride
And look deep into my eyes
It woulda been to your surprise
That I got up to apologize
But you were gone

Woke up in the morning, you were not there
All I seen was an imprint of your head
In my pillow, weeping willow
Why'd I treat you so bad
I shoulda known one day that you'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that I'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that we'd be

Woke up in the morning, you were not there
All I seen was an imprint of your head
In my pillow, weeping willow
Why'd I treat you so bad
I shoulda known one day that you'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that I'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that we'd be

Oh I thought we had forever, now it's gone
It's time to carry on
I thought that you made me happy
But it's this thing that's come between us girl
At one time you were my world
Now it seems it's gone away, gone away

Woke up in the morning, you were not there
All I seen was an imprint of your head
In my pillow, weeping willow
Why'd I treat you so bad
I shoulda known one day that you'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that I'd be gone
You shoulda known one day that we'd be

Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil, for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me, all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever

Niggaz in my faction don't like askin' questions
Strictly, testing, coke measuring
Givin' pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hittin' fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Mwa, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Leer, yes my dear
Shit's official, only, the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin', no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big Dangerous you're just a little vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death
Controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody til somebody kills you

You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily, ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
Three of mine dead, nuttin left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave em in bloodshed
Incidents like this I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore
Told me meet 'em in the future later, they'll take me shoppin'
Buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to playa haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinkin' Cristal
Til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminesce on dead friends too
You're nobody til somebody kills you

You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right)
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he, used to push the champagne Range (I remember that)
Silly cat, all suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in Game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name (what was his name?) you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Gettin' his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine
A fuckin' shame, duke's a lame, what's his name?
Darkskin Jermaine (see what I mean?)

You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

You're nobody, til somebody, kills you

Uh, check it out, uh
I steps in where the Mo's and the hoes at bay-bee!
Fuck all that pretty shit
Takin' it back to the gutter for you motherfuckers
Niggas know the deal
Niggas know who the Don is
Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one
Peep game, uhh, what, what

Out of this world like Mars, when I spit these bars
Come fuck with these stars up in luxury cars
We built them radars to stay free from the cops
Crucial choices to make, like A-C or the drop
Are we gonna stop?  Shit man never my squad go broke
Your squad arti-choke
Watch your circle vanish like cigar smoke
Ain't no joke, when your ones don't show
Nigga I know, might say 'Been There Done That' like Dre
Through hard work I earn the vault
Promise God to never look back or I turn to salt
Got nice watches nice cars nice bitches and rings
Guess it's safe to say a nigga like me got nice things
Can't relate to motherfuckers, who ain't go no cake
When you all fucked up, and can't get no break
When your fake ass friends, don't help you out when you need it
Be on some real bullshit, politely tell you to beat it
Fuck that, get your own nigga, don't ask me for shit
That's what I did, now they all askin' for hits
Nigga it's on for the simple fact I let it be known
We still fly but separately cause now I, charter my own
Propellers, Goodfellas, leave all them playa haters jealous
Billboard charts should tell us, they can't touch us
Why niggas bring the ruckus?
Because release day is bigger than Mandela's, motherfuckers

Just some ghetto boys
Living in these ghetto streets, these ghetto streets
And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
It's just reality

Yeah, make you a deal, check
These here's the dog years and motherfuckers don't shed
I try to bring you life but motherfuckers want dead
So I travel with the babble, with the chrome, with the lead
Cause when it's on, then it's on, the shots flowin' through your head
I been rich I been poor I saved and blown bread
Some say I been here before because of the way I zone
Some said, Jigga zone is like the fallin' of Rome
Reoccurring, that he thinks like that cause he's observing
Won't be known until I'm gone and niggas study my bones
Mentally been many places, but I'm Brooklyn's own
In the physical, one seems, like a lost body
In fact my thoughts don't differ much from that of God body
But it's the odd shottie, that got cats, likening me
to the mob John Gotti, rap dudes bitin' me cause
I got it locked like the late Bob Marley
Pardon me y'all, the great Bob Marley
Solemnly we mourn, all the rappers that's gone
Niggas that got killed in the field and all the babies born
Know they ain't fully prepared for this New World Order
So I keep it ghetto like sunflower seeds and quarter waters
You walk em through it, you know, talk em through it
Know these beads is more than music whenever I talk to it
Destined for greatness and y'all knew this, when I doubled the pie
Had a shorty and a girdle comin' out of B-W-I (in school)
I hated algebra but I loved to multiply
And I told my nigga Big I'd be multi' before I die
It's gonna happen whether rappin' or clappin' have it your way
Cause if that's my dough you're trappin', I'm clappin' your way

Just some ghetto boys
Living in these ghetto streets, these ghetto streets
And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
It's just reality

Damn it feel good to see people up on it
Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it
My brain is haunted, with mean dreams
GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer
than Richie, quickly, niggas wanna hit me
If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it
My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat
High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit
in my circumference, mad bitches, with mad lucci
Bulletproof vestes under they coochie
Spittin' my Uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggas represent
Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin' bent
And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies
I be smokin' trees in Belize when they find me
While you still killin' niggas with punany, like heiny
and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw you on the floor with the virus
While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke
Got lawyers watchin' lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it
Them country niggas call me Frank White
I'm squirtin' off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight
Sunrise open my eyes no surprise
Got my shorty flyin' in with keys taped to her thighs
With all the utensils, who hang my china thing
She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rental
The situation ain't accidental
What? From a, from a young G's perspective
What? From a, from a young G's perspective

Just some ghetto boys
Living in these ghetto streets, these ghetto streets
And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
It's just reality

Just some ghetto boys
Living in these ghetto streets, these ghetto streets
And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive
It's just reality

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime cruise
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you
I see you standing there so lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you're home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

3:45 AM can't sleep, can't dream
I'm stuck, money problems pop up
How will I survive, guess it's best to decide not to decide
So that's my decision
Whatever happens happens
I keep makin' my millions
Can see myself in presidential campaign dinners
But I'm passing blunts around a bunch of gang members
When you're too hood to be in them Hollywood circles
And you're too rich to be in that hood that birthed you
And you become better than legends you thought were the greatest
And outgrow women you love and thought you could stay with
Life become clearer when you wipe down your mirror
And leave notes around for yourself to remember
I like to teach and build
With brothers about how easy it is to reach a mil
All you need is some skill, then it's grind time
Imagination better than knowledge, as Einstein
It's all in the mind
Nasty the nicest, I'm somewhat of a psychic
Just one minute after it's heard
You all excited, you all repeat it
So call me a genius, if you didn't
Now that I said it I force you to think it
Write in my little vignettes, sipping Moet
Bitch when you vision me, you vision the best
When I was young they called me, Olu's son
Now he's Nas father, I was the good seed
He was the wise gardener

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime cruise
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you
I see you standing there so lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you're home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

Beautiful life, often I dream that I can bring my niggas
Conservatives don't understand slang linguistics
The burbs talking like the hood will change with quickness
Love the skinny model chicks but I prefer the thickness
So what I rap about my riches and I'm ostentatious
Get out of gangsta business seen in me you basic
Try to compare what you live to the life I master
See the fly shit I wear, you try to rock it after
Big bracelets, golden Egyptian faces
White wine spritzers and Switzerland on vacation
The strip club scene favors your Josephine baker
Dope fiend neighbors, growing up I've seen paper
I describe it, hope you can visualize it
This is reminiscent to all the parks in the project
When my British knights, can rival your foamposites
Don't make me pull my Lottos out the closet

This kind of love is a once in a lifetime cruise
Reach out and touch the love that I have for you
I see you standing there so lost and all alone
I wanna take you in my arms
And tell you that you're home
I look into your eyes
I said I know you very well
I see a mirror of my life
A reflection of myself

I see people hating other people
Tell me what's the reason
That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money
What's the reason?

By the time of age nine I'm already decidin'
If I can protect mommy from the hood by fightin'
Or usin' a knife or a gun when I'm twenty-one
By by then them hoods woulda pushed their way in our apartment
And we die then, so I been a young nervous wreck in the projects
Watchin' them older niggaz pass pot and they high man
I'm just a young boy, snot nose, hair nappy
Cops ride by squeezin' their trigger fingers at me
So I would go to school and try to get good grades
Teacher wrote mommy and kicked me outta school for havin' braids
So she cussed them, said "My son ain't no motherfuckin' hoodlum"
They judged us, thinking that we dumb 'cause where we come from
Got a little older and now I see
Young niggaz wanted by the powers that be (powers that be)

I see people hating other people
Tell me what's the reason
That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money
What's the reason?
For these wars we're fighting with each other
Season after season
When you're workin' hard, but there ain't nothing comin'
What's the reason?

Uh, picture a Black nanny and a baby in a basket pushin' down 5th Ave
She never had it, it's not hers to begin with
She gives it breakfast, baths and dinners
Treats it so tender while her own kids live alone at home with no phone on
Ain't had a good meal in so long, but so long as mommy's a maid
Cookin' and cleanin', she want to feed her kids and her kids are dreamin'
Where's my daddy, who's my daddy, have you seen him?
I could imagine them askin', what type of human be-ing
Could leave his family, go back to the Caribbean?
Was he locked up, shot up, does he have freedom?
Mom said wipe your tears, keep readin'
But daddy's somewhere, spirit broken, feelin' defeated
A man feels he has to conquer all
The world is his oyster, his pearl so y'all know

I can't find no reason why we can't all live in peace
'Cause this world keeps spinning, yet still I wonder what's the reason
I see people hating other people
Tell me what's the reason
When you're workin' hard but there ain't nothin' comin'
What's the reason?
Oh-whoa-ooh-whoa

I know a girl, her boyfriend was a fugitive
She's intuitive, be on some stupid shit
She called the cops 'cause she hated his mother
Now he away doin' numbers, now she gay with her lover
How many niggaz gon' die this summer?
I pump life in my music, but still life is a wonder
There's a officer in a squad car, he's a prostitute serial killer
It's odd, huh? 'Cause he's the same cop in church with his wife
He's molestin' his son and she ignores it at night
Little bad ass bastard, lights a match and kills Betty Shabazz
in her pad while she slept
They said Prescott Bush funded Hitler while the world's in a twister
Nigga, what you expect? Imagine what's next

I see people hating other people
Tell me what's the reason
That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money
What's the reason?
For these wars we're fighting with each other
Season after season
When you're workin' hard, but there ain't nothing comin'
What's the reason?

"Uh, uh, man, man'll search the whole planet, looking for what try to conquer all.  
So what? To all my niggaz with they kids that love they kids, man.  
All the daddies out there to all the niggaz that died tryin'a figure out what's what
Tryin'a be the biggest of the big, you know.  
Yeah, yeah ladies forgive us.  
Gotta forgive us.  
For we know not what we do.  
Breakin' hearts, leavin' the crib, buggin' out and shit.  
Just man, man."

[Nas]
I think I can remember some

Brenda the back-bender used to have me in the twister
Grabbed her up and left her at the Buena Vista
Chelsea used to tell me choke her while I stroke her
Stuck a Heineken bottle up in the ass, a real joker
Used to run my bubble bath, tons of laughs, sexy chick
Mad skills, she used to try to eat my excrement
Used to play Atari 1200, baby-sitter made me kiss her
Put hickeys on her stomach
Toya was a tomboy 'til we played catch a screw
Had her out past her curfew, Sheila had this perfume
That drove a nigga wild, was a child then, Gertrude
Used to put my face in her crotch
Spun my tongue around in a circle while she watched
Eiserea knew I was a player, brought Fatima, loud screamer
While I blew clouds of reefer, they sucked juice out my urethra
While Marvin Gaye pumped from the speaker

[Chorus]
Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few
Remember the times I hung with the dimes, and all the wild things I used to do
Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few
Remembering the times it was on my mind, but none of them could touch you

[Nas]
Was only scared of them STDs, syphilis, VD and herpes
Daffy Duck-lookin' bitch burnt me, correction
Urinary tract infection, what I got for no protection
Was a horny dog, mornings waking up with a log
Dick stuck to my draws, wet dreams in the mind
Of a one-of-a-kind sex fiend, Justine was luscious want to cuff us when fucked us
Me and her best friend, this thick Texan named Tamika, English teacher
Wedding ring on finger, bent her big ass over the fold-out sofa
The weather was cold and Loretta would throw on nothing but a thong
Under the coat and
Put a show on just to show me she loved me
She would undress and wait in zero below weather
In slippers and a sun dress for me to arrive
Kept a freak in the ride with her head in my lap, the steering wheel's high

[Chorus]

[Nas]
Thank God I got bank god, so fuck pimpin'
Fuck broke condoms, pills and penicillin
Abortion clinics, I was one of the best who did it
Lesbian shit, wheelchair girls and midgets
Twin sisters, cousins, mothers and daughters, some wasn't no quarters
Long chin, some with funny odors
Long blond weaves, overweight, cottage cheese
Some I paid college fees, then they strip tease
And it's sad I don't remember great times that made me drool
And the sex gave me flashbacks when I was like eww
Mature with it now dog, here's the side of Nas
Principles are lined up, things prioritized
Se mamma I left that alone, faded memories, the reason that I'm grown
It'd be senseless for us to lie about our old experiences, no longer
Are we tempted

[Chorus]

Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggas tumble
The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals
Who don't care, guzzling beers, we all stare
At the out-of-towners  (Ay, yo, yo, who that?)  They better break North
Before we get the four pounders, and take their face off
The streets is filled with undercovers, homicide chasing brothers
The D.A.'s on the roof, trying to, watch us and knock us
And killer coppers, even come through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock for
The fronters, wannabe ill niggas and spot runners
Thinking it can't happen til I, trap em and clap em
And leave em done, won't even run about Gods
I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel of the street corner
Pulling a Tec out the dresser, police got me under pressure

Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella
Moet drinking, marijuana smoking street dweller
Who's always on the corner, rolling up blessed
When I dress, it's never nothing less than Guess
Cold be walking with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committing sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one
Cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggas and crab stunts
So I guzzle my Hennesey while pulling on mad blunts
The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator
The type of nigga who be pissing in your elevator
Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains, sex and Tecs
Fly new chicks and new kicks, Heine's and Beck's

Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

No doubt; see my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane
I used to wake up every morning, see my crew on the block
Every day's a different plan that had us running from cops
If it wasn't hanging out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory, breaking the locks
Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man
Fuck a yard God, let me see a hundred grand
Could use a gun Son, but fuck being the wanted man
But if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too
With Swoop, Hakim, my brother Jungle, Big Bo, cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it, Mayo, you count the profit
My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs
'Nough respect to the projects, I'm ghost, One Love

Represent ya'll, represent!
Represent ya'll, represent!
Represent ya'll, represent!
Represent ya'll, represent!

[Chorus: Amerie singing]
The rest of my life
The rest of my life

[Nas]
Life, dead presidents, devilish meant
Overthrow king thrones just 'cause of their negligence
Death, real shit'll start comin' to light
Niggas you ain't like dickin' your wife, WHAT?
Kind and underminding, grimy, stiff corpse shapin'
Pork bacon, double-cross Satan
Heathens, non-god-fearing, lace thong wearing demons
But glory go to God, y'all beneath him
If y'all don't know that, rap with a old cat
He'll show you streets where them big dealers DROVE AT
Where low-key killers let the fo' clap
Blocka-blocka-blocka, oh
The glow, the 'dro, the dough for shows
Everything a hood brother thing he needs, yo
You'll find a goal in a ghetto superstar's roadmap
And I'ma use that for the

[Chorus]

[Nas]
Burnt-out, kicked to the curb
So I had to learn how to turn around a hundred thou' real fast
In '95 that was my last, I went back to the ave thinkin' rap's a thing of the past
Rest in peace E Money Bags, no more cabs, got caught with the ratchet in the stash
Lawyer want CASH, my ba'why bro blast burners at cats who gell
They burnt a range with a mollet of cocktail
My little man got fourteen-years for car-jackin' a undercover
Them cops SWEAR, my little nigga told on me
I'm thinking, "Hello, where's the L-O, V-E"
Pigs play games, my little man'll never say names
Word to his pops with elephant veins
They both locked-up still, word to Will
I'll make it and chill for the

[Chorus]

[Nas]
My man gave his mommy coke
So she wouldn't hit the block all crazy for the smoke
Damn nigga, could you picture you supplyin' your own moms
So she don't have to bone for dimes?
Or give dome for nicks' in the roofs of the projects
Where dogs shit and PISS
Yeah, we all plan to get rich but it's all about how it's executed
Lexus coup-ed, brigettes from cubics
Mighta been stupid, but I got far from twenty-six bars
To ten LP's, what can him tell me? Of them? Of y'all?
I'M Nas, on a track that's unorthodox
Like my life could of been offed by the cops
Told y'all, Nas will prevail by the book when it's up for sale
About the rest

[Chorus]

(feat. Lake)
[Lake] uh uh huh, lets go, yeah!
[Nas] Uh, ghetto children singing "singing"
[Nas] See they eager to learn "uh hum"
[Nas] how to become the next world leaders "Bravehearts"!

[Chorus: Nas]
Revolutionary warfare is all fair loving war for the cause
I gotta take you off here
Revolutionary warfare is all fair loving war for the cause
I gotta take you off here

[Nas]
Book one, strategy, tactics, techniques
Look dumb, but massively notice the weakness, in all them
Gotta shoot only if necessary 
Homey vest is very real if enemies carrying heavy steal
Beware the thugs who ain't scared of blood or jail time
Where Arian nations ain't having integration, we so blind
The beauty of life, was when my mom said nigga you could be Christ
I wasn't old enough to hold my dick and pee right, "Jesus"!
What is he like? I picture him standing with diamonds on him
Little different from the way my mommy saw him
Practice your aiming, physical training in, difficult terrain and
Test your endurance, try to keep your stamina banging
Splitting dutches up, strap up, the armies is school 
Teaching smart ways to kill, I'm thinking Gandhi was a fool
But chronic's a fool; got me thinking out loud, fuck it
Sleep on my drunkenness I'll blow your brains out 

[Chorus]

[Lake]
My revolution is as real as Bobby Seale's, I build
With dudes and cribs worth a quarter mill, in dix hills
for fish scale, to cop guns, the time come
I'll mask up and get my comrade off the bus
Fuck the beef I'll snatch your seed, from chuckie cheese 
And feed him to the rats in the back of the P's 
Black fatigues and ? on the sofa
50 inch flat screen Louie Vitton holdsters
My motions don't appeal to repel at divisions
I did it strong for 7 long years in prison, fuck the system
I'm like a modern day Hitler, black gorilla, crip and blood in one nigga
Only killas know my face
I beat a case for shooting at the police, nigga, the name Lake
Though simultaneously the street revolution 
21 gun salute the new Huey Newton 

[Chorus]

[Nas, Lake]
[N] Teach y'all women how to hold the family down in case something happens to his fathers
[N] Protect the children, grab revolvers
[N] The women plays important part of our life force
[N] So what we fight for, my heart goes to you beautiful wife in war
[L] Uh, And listen more talk less
[L] Watch all and trust none, demand your respect
[L] And be ready to die for what you believe in
[L] And ride all the time not just when convenient 
[N] Justice and freedom, wisdom and understanding
[N] We the lost children of Israel in this western world region
[N] You ain't a man you a coward if you can't support the girl you put a seed in
[L] Strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong
[L] It's more to a war than just getting it on
[L] Conceal your form, cover your tracks
[L] Stay prepared I don't care if no one's spared

[Chorus: x2]

Listen up gangstas and honeys with ya hair done
Pull up a chair hon' and put it in the air son
Dog, whatever they call you, god, just listen
I spit a story backwards, it starts at the ending

The bullet goes back in the gun
The bullet hole's closing this chest of a nigga
Now he back to square one
Screaming, "Shoot don't please"
I put my fifth back on my hip
It's like a VCR rewinding a hit
He put his hands back on his bitch
My caravan doors open up
I jumped back in the van and closed it shut
Going reverse, slowly prepared
My nigga Jungle utters out something crazy like, "Go he there"
Sitting in back of this chair, we hitting the roach
The smoke goes back in the blunt, the blunt gets bigger in growth
Jungle unrolls it, put his weed back in the jar
The blunt turns back into a cigar
We listen to Stevie, it sounded like heavy metal fans
Spinnin records backwards of AC/DC
I give my niggas dap, jump out the van back first
Back upstairs, took off the black shirt
I'm in the crib with the phone to my ear
Listen up so y'all can figure out the poem real clear
The voice on the phone was like, "Outside right we"
So with my mouth wide, holding my heat
Bullets I had plenty to squeeze, plenty for ya
'Cause Jungle said, "Block your on enemies the"
Hung up the phone, then the phone rang
I'm laid in the bed thinking 'bout this pretty young thing
Who left, she came back, her clothes just fell to the rug
She fell to my bed and gave me a hug
I told her, "No hell"
She talking 'bout, "Me kiss"
Bobbed her head then spit the nut back in my dick
Started sucking with no hands, a whole lotta spit
Then got up and put her bra back on her tits
Got fully dressed and told me, "Stressed really I'm"
Picked up her Gucci bag and left her nigga behind
Walking through the door, she rang the bell twice
I vomited Vodka back in my glass with juice and ice
The clock went back from three, to two, to one
And that's about the time the story begun
That's when I first heard the voice mail on the cell
It said, "Son we found that nigga we gotta kill"

Hey yo son, hey yo son, you hear me, you hear me?
Listen man, this dude right on the block, right now, man
I found him, right now, I see him right now!
Let's kill him)

"Yo, this Nas, leave it. Peace"

Yeah Man
Jah will be waiting there, We a shout!
Jah will be waiting there

In this world of calamity
Dirty looks and grudges and jealousy
And police weh abuse dem authority
Media clowns weh nuh know 'bout variety
Boom!

The youngest veteran a go murder dem slow
Ragga muffin sent to call me from the bush bungalow
Unnu watch mek I clear out my voice now Figaro!
Emerge from the darkness with mi big blunt a glow
Mi hammer dem a slam and spectator get low
Some bwoy coulda big like Bam Bam Biggalow
Bust of trigger finger, trigger hand and trigger toe
A two gun mi have mi bust dem inna stereo
Cause

I got to keep on walking on the road to Zion, man
We gots to keeps it burning on the road to Zion, man

Clean and pure meditation without a doubt
Don't mek dem take you like who dem took out
Jah will be waiting there we a shout
Jah will be waiting there!
In this world of calamity
Dirty looks and grudges and jealousy
And police weh abuse dem authority
Media clowns weh nuh know bout variety
Single parents weh need some charity
Youths weh need some love and prosperity
Instead of broken dreams and tragedy
By any plan and any means and strategy

I got to keep on walking on the road to Zion, man
We gots to keeps it burning on the road to Zion, man

Sometimes I can't help but feel helpless
I'm havin daymares in daytime
Wide awake try to relate
This can't be happenin like I'm in a dream while I'm walkin
Cause what I'm seein is haunting
Human beings like ghost and zombies
President Mugabe holding guns to innocent bodies
In Zimbabwe
They make John Pope seem Godly
Sacrilegious and blasphemous

In my lifetime I look back at paths I've walked
Where savages fought and pastors taught
Prostitutes stomp in high heel boots
And badges screaming,"Young black children stop or I will shoot!"
I look back at cooked crack
Plus cars that pass by
Jaguars mad fly
And I'm guilty for materialism
Blacks is still up in the prison Trust that
So save me your sorries, I'm raising an army
Revolutionary warfare with Damian Marley
We sparkin' the ions, marching to Zion
You know how Nas be NYC state of mind I'm in

In this world of calamity
Dirty looks and grudges and jealousy
And police weh abuse dem authority
Media clowns weh nuh know 'bout variety
Boom!

The youngest veteran a go murder dem slow
Ragga muffin sent to call me from the bush bungalow
Unnu watch mek I clear out my voice now Figaro!
Emerge from the darkness with mi big blunt a glow
Mi hammer dem a slam and spectator get low
Some bwoy coulda big like Bam Bam Biggalow
Bust of trigger finger, trigger hand and trigger toe
A two gun mi have mi bust dem inna stereo
Cause

I got to keep on walking on the road to Zion, man
We gots to keeps it burning on the road to Zion, man

Clean and pure meditation without a doubt
Don't mek dem take you like who dem took out
Jah will be waiting there we a shout
Jah will be waiting there!

Clean and pure meditation without a doubt
Don't mek dem take you like who dem took out
Jah will be waiting there we a shout
Jah will be waiting there!
In this world of calamity
Dirty looks and grudges and jealousy
And police weh abuse dem authority
Media clowns weh nuh know bout variety
Single parents weh need some charity
Youths weh need some love and prosperity
Instead of broken dreams and tragedy
By any plan and any means and strategy
Instead of broken dreams and tragedy
Youths weh need some love and prosperity
Instead of broken dreams and tragedy
By any plan and any means and any strategy
Ay! say

I got to keep on walking on the road to Zion, man
You know
We got to keep on walking on the road to Zion, man

Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn in my hide
I should've known, we can't repair what we broke
But I held you close
Too close
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't want them no more
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't need them no more

I have no time to give you guidance
Barely have any fuck time either
Hefner minded like, I think you're fine, but
I seen the finest women that ever came out a beaver
Mind reader, can tell she vegan or not when I meet her
Or if she insecure, most are
If she's mixed, a possible psycho alert goes off
Not a judge cause a judge don't wear no draws, yet he allows
Everything to go to your spouse when you end your vows
My tax bracket not enough blacks have it
Who should I date? Project chick or Cuban actress?
A white chick, they might flip talking that blackness
Should only attract black shit, I'm an ass magnet
If you mad at that, you'll be mad forever
Never played you, I prayed we would stay together
Wished it'd last forever, know what I mean
Heard you tear a rose from the roots, the rose screams

Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn on my hide
I should've known, we can't repair what we broke
But I held you close
Too close

Them Xanax can't manage your maniac manic depressive expressions
They some silent killers, that stress shit
That put ulcers in a lot of niggas
I'm blowing medical, it helps chill a violent temper
I done went to hell and back, you always think you right
You know when you wrong, and still you want to fight
When people like my song, you want to kill 'em right?
You resent me every time I make a million right?
You want to experience life when you calling all the shots
Ordering bottles for all your girls up in the spot
Have your own cash, own your own Benz
Your own house, everything, me, I understand
Thought you would bask in the glory as Queen Bee
Put you on under Martin Scorsese: Mean Street
The first movie he made, thought that was fly
I thought you was flyer, you a fuckin' liar

Just like a rose
Everybody knows that you are so beautiful
But I feel a thorn in my hide
I should've known, we can't repair what we broke
But I held you close
Too close
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't want them no more
I should've left your roses at the door
They're sharper than before
And I don't need them no more

Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, Nas, uh, yo, yo
Life, they wonder, can they take me under?
Nah, never that, nah, yo, yo

I come from the housing tenement buildings
Unlimited killings, menaces marked for death
Better known as the projects where junkies and rock heads dwell
Though I owe to it my success
With survival of the fittest, everyday is a chal'
I would think I'm a part of U.S.A. and be proud
Confronted with racism, started to feel foreign
Like, the darker you are the realer your problems
I reached for the stars but I just kept slipping
On this life mission, never know what's next
Ancient kings from Egypt, up to Julius Cezar
Had a piece of the globe, every continent
Yo, there's Asia, Africa, Europe, France, Japan
Pakistan, America, Afghanstan
Yo, there's Protestants, Jews, Blacks, Arabics
Call a truce, world peace, stop acting like savages
No war, we should take time and think
The bombs and tanks makes mankind extinct
But since the beginning of time it's been men with arms fighting
Lost lives in the Towers and Pentagon, why then?
Must it go on, we must stop the killing
Tell me why we die, we all God's children

World is hating, that's forever (uh, c'mon)
It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world)
Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon)
World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), world

Yo, there's brothers on the block, posted up like they own it
That's they corner, from New York to California
Got blocks locked down
Like, "dog you safe whenever you with me, see this is my town"
So the youngsters, grows in ghettos, goes to prison
At an early age, already know it's against him
So in order for him to survive, one day he must
Open up his eyes to the set backs and rise
'Cause, everybody wants a shot, in this land of opportunity
Look at what this country's got
There shouldn't be nobody homeless
How can the president fix other problems when he ain't fixed home yet
The earth wasn't made for one man to rule alone
To all colors increases, to home it belongs
I want land, mansions, banks and gold
The diamonds in Africa, oil in my control
The world's natural resources, all it's residuals
But then comes foes, I have to guard it with missiles
And I become the most wanted
But is it worth hearing a million people problems and followed by Secret Service
I guess, attempts at my life with loaded barrels
So move over Colin Powell or just throw in the towel, yo

World is hating, that's forever (uh, c'mon)
It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world)
Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon)
World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), world

Y'all know that's my style, to hit you at the right time
No other compares to what Nas write down
Tell you my dreams, show you my pain is yours
You could get what you love, be a chain in cause
You alive right now
There's so many that's dead or locked up inside the beast, I'm a hot light now
It's whatever man think of manifest to the real
The plan is to wake up 'cause time reveals
All this hate can't forever last
All my ghetto heroes in Heaven, it's like you right here and never passed
You just transcend, I know I'm goin' see you again
Hoping I reach the world leaders and win
Ain't nothing without struggle, listen up, it's critical
We used to fear arms, now the weapons are chemical
In Hip-Hop, the weapons are lyrical
To be the best you challenge the best, then the blessings are spiritual
Top of the world for the kid and unless
Popping any rapper's head off his shoulders no contest
I know the Most High hear me, so fly you can't near me
You scared of a mirror, my theory is that - knowledge is power
To every projects and every street corner, we gotta get ours now

World is hating, that's forever (uh, c'mon)
It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world)
Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon)
World

Yo, niggas ain't forget shit, know what I'm saying?
Niggas ain't forget nothing
Men, women and children killed by the police and shit
Niggas ain't gon' forget that, you know what I mean?
Yo, what this war just show me is like, whatever you want out of life
Whatever you feel is rightfully yours, go out and take it
Even if that means blood and death
You know, that's what I was raised up on, that's what this country's about
This is what my country is, and my country's a motherfucker

Shouldn't have to cry
For you to make me smile, hey
Talking down to me
Like I'm your child, oh boy

Shouldn't have to beg ya, oh
To hear me out, no
Shouldn't need another reason
For me to shut you out
Put my heart and my mind are in battle

Lovin' you's like running, running on the line
It's like I'm chasing down the lovin' there's no finish line in sight
I just keep on running, running on the line
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

I keep on running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
Feels like I'm running, running on the line
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
I keep on running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

What's a little laughter, ooh
When he comes with so much pain
I'll be here for-ever
If I wait for you to change, uh uh oh

I don't know if I can do it
Cuz I'm running low on fluid
Can't believe you brought me to this
Open my heart, you straight abuse it
What's it gonna take
For me to break away
I really don't know, hey
Cuz my heart and my mind are in battle

Lovin' you's like running, running on the line
It's like I'm chasing down the lovin' there's no finish line in sight
I just keep on running, running on the line
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

I keep on running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
Feels like I'm running, running on the line
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
I keep on running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

Yeah, Yeah
You got that chrome and purple love
Running and waving
Saying nothing can keeps us from it
That's my woman, but you might fall in love with the youngster
Hipster, someone taller, baller, richer, and locked down
Maybe someone of a different, infinite, background terrific
I wish ya the white gown
The God, a white veil, rings and roses
Tiara in your hair like a queen
I toast ya, told ya, lately I'm bingin' on Mercedes Benzes
Lot of my lady friends is getting older
Looking for somebody to cuff em
Rush into a husband, don't even truly love them
At they best friend's bridal ceremony
Jealous and they're lonely, Cryin', but they're phony
Yo, Fiona, you know me
Yo we still got time to find real L.O.V.E
Like the lyrics in the real love songs, the oldies, so keep runnin' fo' me
If you're out there listening, so Nas don't need a trophy, I need a misses
Trying to get with that "wife and kids" business
No just arm candy, my dream is to have a family

All I ever wanted was a love on top
All I ever needed was a love that's mine
Did you ever really love me or is love so blind
Uh, here I go I'm 'bout to cross the line

Lovin' you's like running, running on the line
It's like I'm chasing down the lovin' there's no finish line in sight
I just keep on running, running on the line
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

I keep on running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
Feels like I'm running, running on the line
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
I can't keep running 
(keep running, I keep running, keep running, I keep running)
And you wonder why I'm so damn tired all the time

Remix

Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

Niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

Yo Esco's illin', Swizz Beatz illin'
What more can we say' Stop grillin'
'Fore you get hit up, shot up good
We'll murk you in your hood

I'm El Patreno, Nas the God, you lose your life
Whether on the corner or clubs, I'm shootin' dice
Break my cipha, I'll make it at you, slice you
Knife you, stab you, shank you, splat ya

Too many rappers is jealous, who be gassin' the fellows
Bunch of actors who never sold a crack in the ghetto
Went from Nas to The Esco, back to nasty
Clappin' that black heat
None of y'all are matchin' my level, I'm the general

Niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

Niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

Nowadays, I'm on some mack shit
But I used to be loyal to tax, cracks
The nigga that would soil in your jacks
Feed 'em with trays the size of light bulbs
Coke so bright, it shine like white gold

And the hoes like Joe way before this rap shit
Before the Versace floors and the Rolls to match it
Joe's a bastard, I sell pussy for cheap
Make my bitch walk the strip with no shoes on her feet

Don't front for me, you kids is not ballin'
If you is then why is your wiz on my dick like I'm Jordan'
Ties swollen for no man with bold plans
Sick of this rap shit, why' Listen to 'Slow Jams'

I'm a grown man, the talk of the strip
Niggas think I'm Kev Childs that way I boss the fifth
Dogs, you's a bitch, I'm here to bring you a muzzle
Saying I'm peepin', I'ma bring you a muzzle
Get the point, general

Niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

Niggas salute me, bitches salute me
The block salute me, the hood salute me
You should salute me, they should salute me
So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfuckin' general

It's Cassidy, I get rock like a boat when you go fishin'
Ayo, listen, I'm the general like Tso Shim Shin
I'm so sick, you can tell by the expression on my face
That I'll get in that ass like preparation H

The weapon on the waist and I spray guns off
'Cause if it's beef, I'ma be on top of it like A-1 sauce
Pause, now who the truth' Me, who quick to shoot' Me
My four-fifth got kick like Bruce Lee

See, I'm a true G, hotter than soup be
Raw like sushi, you gotta salute me
You dudes see, I'll put in an order for you
I'll let the water boil, cook a quarter to the oil

I had it for sell but y'all fagots would tell
Go to jail and start singin' like Patti LaBelle
I ain't gon' back in a cell, you rat and you did
Fuck a vest, put a bulletproof hat on your head

When I'm clappin' the lead, I'll murder a nigga
And if he say he not the feds, then I'm servin' the nigga
I'm thirsty for the change, playin' games ain't a issue now
A bitch would give you AIDS nowadays if she kiss you now

I got that coke and that haze on my gristle now
We goin' to war, you gonna need more than a pistol now
They throwin' missiles 'round, you still tryin' to get a nine'
Uh, it's the last days, end of time

The terrorists jackin' planes, sendin' bombs to the Pentagon
They off the hook like intercoms
We just had a bad wintertime
So you know they gonna start to rob
And steal for a mil' when it's dinnertime

You still spendin' time focusin' on dumb shit
On the block smokin' but you broken on some bum shit
What the hell' You might as well put a suit and tie on
Jump in a casket and get ya die on

Uh, I knew a few pharmacists, fuck frozen
They kept pneumonia's on their arms and wrists
The main dude, Sekou, face look hard as shit
Remember like yesterday, they were the kings of ecstasy
Kept sellin' it, he blends in everywhere, has a mixed heritage
Bitches let him hit on the reg', water bed seats in his car
All red ferari, Florida where we met at a red light
Homeboy bumpin' my old shit
They wildin' with some freaks from the islands
Piled in behind him, limousine, Benz
He shouted, "Nas, roll with us"
I'm bored so I followed him
Nikki Beach, here's where the scene begins
He put me on to Don, nice ass with a set of mean twins
Had a pocket full of cash, Sekou wasn't lettin' me spend
I was there for the weekend, packed and prepared for anything
Then he brings me to his castle in Coconut Grove
War stories about dudes both of us know
Never heard drunken words spoken so slow
A year go by, the nigga was fly
Prada shoes, a lotta jewelry, stayed high
Got a call, he's in N.Y
Needs a couple of G's 'til tomorrow, I dips by
For a season where he's at
Greets me with a smile, told him "Here keep that"
Next week got a call from his wife
Said somebody done took son life
She said

[Chorus: x2]
"Who gon' hold me down now? Hold me down now
Tell me that huh, who gon' hold me down now?
Who gon' hold me down now? Who gon' hold me down?
Tell me that huh, who gon' hold me down now"

Forget about them other dudes, they talkin' to me rude
'Cause I always knew the truth, they hated Sekou
H2 full of holes, the drove him off the road
Left him there on this 'cain, clothes stained with his brain
My soul shattered, my man's toe's tagged up
Arrangement's a closed casket
See now a hoe has to, maintain with his fake gang
Sheddin' fake tears, I won't have it
Look, this kid's Jamaican, half Hatian, half Asian
Brag about how the streets needed a changin'
Son, you the only one a bitch could call
You remind me of my dude, help me get them all

"You remind me of my dude, help me get them all"

"You remind me of my dude, help me get them all"

[Prodigy] 
Yo,
Is it ill, do it need to be fixed? 
(That shit is real Dunn; and stop talking like your skills don't kill) 
Nah it's just that sometimes I feel like that 
I can write more fouler than the last 

(Prodigy's "Conscience") 

Yo that shit is cash trust me Dunn; I'll never lead you astray 
Take my word niggas want to hear how you think 
It be that shit that you wouldn't expect to win 
that stay playin in they decks over and again 
Speak your thoughts, put your all in it 
Whatever's in your mind, spit it 
Place your anger on the page, release tension on the tape 
A stress verse, seem to be what they most thirst 
Makes fake niggas disperse, they never challenge what works 

[Prodigy] 
Balancing the weakness, is what I specialize in 
Dunn you my nigga cause you keep me hype when I'm writing 
Kept me on point in the night when it might go down 
Keep me eyes wide in the daytime as well 
Kept me focused on what's real and nothing else 
I find it healthy, to conversate with myself 
I kick it with my delf (I kept you alive, all these years) 
It's that inner voice you should of took head to and shit 
Could of been home instead of bleeding 
Maybe next time you'll listen when it speaks 

(Prodigy's "Conscience") 

Yo Dunn, I got a story to tell 
Remember last week's mission? I told you bring the gun 
(Yeah I remember) Nah listen, without me you'd be a memory 
I'm the one you could come to for guidance 
Bring you home alive when you wilding 
Kept you out of harm's way, told you when to spray 
Told you when it's time to put it away 
and when the cops came, you was safe 

[Prodigy] 
Without question, I stay aware Dunn I'm listening 
Every time we speak it's real, I know your intention's 
to make sure we both safe and living, and breathing 
You gets all respect from me Dunn, believe it 

(Prodigy's "Conscience") 

Yo we got kids to raise and bills to pay 
Enemies to lay down when they stand in our way, it's only us 
(What about the click?) Now if you die is they coming? 
When you shot do they feel the bullet? 
And when you broke can they fix it? Alright then, you keep writing 
and let me do the thinking, I brought us this far without mistaken 

[Nas] 
Voices in my head from choices that I dreaded choosing 
Cautions I should of took head, lost in my weed, steady losing
Thug stripes, badges of honor, forces to succeed 
Whores on they knees, fucking with millionaires, killers and thieves 
I fuck until there's no feeling where, I bust and I pee 
I lusted cars but I suffered and my scars run deep 
I stay to myself, one deep, pray to my God cause he 
say when it's hard get on one knee, and ask Thy for forgiveness 
Fuck the cash, the ice, the Ferrari's 
with two-twenty on the dash when your life ain't right 
See niggas smile up in your face and stick a knife in your back 
Snakes shake your hand and got his dick up in your wife back 
Why's it like that? It's life black, this is the game 
The way I see it both bitches and niggas, is the same 
I trust myself, I can't fuck myself 
When hoes leave and no weed I still know me, just myself 
Fear is weakness learn from what experience teaches 
Beware of leaches, the vampires, my secret's 
never follow, cause most niggas is straight up cowards 
Take care of my body's the temple my mind is the power

Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed
Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed

They wanna shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on
Shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on, yeah

They dug me out the soil in the mines of the motherland
Now I'm misplaced, one hand to another hand
Illegal smugglin', people strugglin'
Wish they could just throw me back in the mud again

Yeah, guess that's how we got here
Slave trade then the diamond trade
Every child's afraid when
His mother and father get sprayed

Forced in the army, young killer brigade
Gets a new name then he give his nose glue
Til' his mind can't take what he's gon' through
Lookin' in that dirt for that eyes so blue
Then the Royal Family, the ice goes to

And this thing has to change, feelin' half-ashamed
As I rap with my platinum chain when you shop for a gift for me
You think about the misery, the same way we made apartheid history
We can do the same thing to the conflict ice
But everybody wanna shine, right?

Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed
Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed

They wanna shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on
Shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on

My VVS glimmers on my chest
200 thou' encrusted watch on my wrist
I wonder how people starve to death
When God bless the land that lacks the harvest

The stone's equality, but they homes are poverty
And the whole world ignores the robbery
Bought my girl pretty rocks when she's mad at me
Tear-drop shaped, uh, perfect clarity

It shocks, so many are killed annually
'Cause of greed, lust, and pure vanity
Stop talkin' and do somethin' about it

Every holiday season, jewelry stores crowded
Kids snatched from their homes, mutilated alive
Husbands separated from wives, keep the Jesus piece to be fly
But back in the day there was a time when they called us shine

Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed
Everybody wants heaven but nobody wants dead
Everybody wants diamonds without the bloodshed

They wanna shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on
Shine on, shine on, shine on, shine on

[Foreign Content]

One 44, two 45's
3 loaded clips, 4 niggas roll, one nigga drives
500 benz, 6 reasons why
This kid should die
We shooting every motherfucker outside
Pulled on his block, jumped out the car, guns in our hand
At the same time everybody ran
There that nigga go, hiding in the crowd
Let the trigger blow, 7 shots now he lying on the ground
Blood on the floor
Then we shot some more
Niggas he was with
2 niggas hit, one nigga fell
One tryed to run, go get him son
Make sure he's done before we bail, I ain't trying to goto jail
Must handle beef, code of the street
Load up the heat, if these nigga think they could fuck around
Real niggas do real things
By all means, niggas knowing how we get down, it goes

Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder

Driving through roads, suburban chevrolet
6 tinted windows, and I'm on my way
To get up with my hoes, I pull up to they house
Not a freak to be heard, nobody came out
Ringing the bell, where in the hell
Could they be at, I'm about to leave
Steppin' slow, where my truck was at
Who the fuck is that?
Could it be a jack?
Now pull my strap, it's my man
And we have the same plan
There them bitches go
Civic '94, looking funny though
Open up the car door, funny smile
Fuck 2 already, 3rd ass was heavy
"Nas this is sherri, sherri this is nas, and his man, ready?"
Walked in the house, snatched off they clothes
Ran through them hoes
Plenty ice, that they all seemed to like
Can't find my man, heard a blam blam
Now I'm wondering, "in this scam, do I even stand a chance?"
He killed the hoes, took all they doe
Fire in his eyes, higher than the sky
Coming down the stairs
Now he wanting mine, reaching for my nine
Aiming with our guns at each others face, at the same time
My nine on his lips, his fifth on my chin, I start whispering
"put your gun down, we can skip town"
Rocked him to sleep, pushed back his meat
Lift off his chain
Took his shit, emptied out close range

Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what
Kill kill kill, murder murder murder

Yo, release what's in me
Besides the Henny, it's eyes that's seen plenty
Fiends get skinny as if Queens was a Craig Jenny
Instead of diet plans it's crack 200 grams
I pump a G-pack, peeping for where the D's at
It's slow, looking for Rambo, the cop who got grazed
Back in the days, chasing niggas through my project maze
That cop he got a death wish
He run behind niggas until you breathless
Everyday he making ten arrests, shit
My nigga check this, I know the bitch he rest with
I even blessed it, forty-dash-ten inspect it
(Already checked it Dunn, near his ankle you could see his gun)
Peep, he parked his Jeep in the back of the slum
To check Tanisha, fat ass real fly, with the blonde Caesar
Vetacini summer gear, she push the two-seater
I heard she brag about the way he eat her
A Irish man short slim with a tan, they say he laced her cheeba
She do be looking weaker, now her teeth are foul
Speaking loud, peep her style, in and out of every reefer cloud
Fat ass dissolving, like cotton candy in a mouth that's starving
Rock the same gear daily, like a soldier in my squadron
I heard she let Jake investigate from her window
Cause she's a nympho, sucking dick and coughing up info
So now it's set up, her and the beast to get wet up
I know he vest up, we blazing from the neck up
(Yo let me knock first)  Soon as he open it your glock burst
They had the chains on, son hit the lock first
We busted in the cop jerked
Jungle popped one in his shirt
I grabbed the bitch by her tits, she tried to say she Earth
We saw the cameras, tape recorders, and the monitors
They eying us (Nas yo he survived one from the fo'-five)
Pull his shades down, they seen his last days now
There's no way now, we can be treated just like a slave now
Two in the dome, he's laid down, hey yo the bitch is saved now
She's living in a snitch grave now

Shootouts is similar to Wild West
Broad daylight, face to face without a vest
You know the episodes, thugs camouflage the spectacles
Please God to save the life that the Devil sold
See "It Was Written" but was never told
Peep the jewels black man, it's even better than gold
Niggas roll with iron, police roll in hot pursuit
Trying to stop the loot, fuck Jake, cock and shoot

Still on the streets with my peeps so deep
We threw a block party for my man going up creek
To do his two to four, niggas show love, from all around the board
Peace Lord, Sony Handi-Cam on record
Pop a bottle, cause when you come home we still got it sewn
We can watch the tape play back and just zone
Film all the bitches, on the benches with ill extensions
We block the streets off, only crew cars can enter
Music was loud and it was crowded
Barbecued wings we fed the fiends (gamble in the back) Killa shouted
And Frank tried to stop the bank loss, about what a Roley cost
Guzzled his drink, and staggered off
He's a Big Will, used to slang krill, now he own the hill
Couldn't take losing his cash, and I could feel
Something in the air yeah, Frank returned with Pierre
A gun slinger, who niggas hadn't seen in a year
I usually be holding, 'specially this type of weekend
And everyone except for me had started reaching
They had gats in each others faces, with kids
And grandmothers around, Frank's only concern was his paper
My man Killa let off, half of them fake niggaz jet off
Police blitz quick, waiting for that to set off
Running the static, it got me mad cause they a bunch of fagots
Starting shit in my hood, I can't have it
Yo High, get the 40-cali stainless, Jake is still out
Let's make it real and still make them niggas famous
Dip behind trees in fatigues and squeeze, dodge and weave
Hearing Jake retaliating, and Wiz was up the alley waiting
We breeze, jump in the ride, heard Pierre died
Internal bleeding inside, and ain't been back since ninety-five

Shootouts is similar to Wild West
Broad daylight, face to face without a vest
You know the episodes, thugs camouflage the spectacles
Please God to save the life that the Devil sold
See "It Was Written" but was never told
Peep the jewels black man, it's even better than gold
Niggas roll with iron, police roll in hot pursuit
Trying to stop the loot, fuck Jake, cock and shoot

[Jadakiss]
Yo!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, hey, yo
Never will it stop
Hang guns with double digit shots
I move work on other niggas blocks
Leave out the club wit a another niggas watch
Body that man and let other niggas watch
Only thing worse than a coward, is a coward with power
Gotta kill him in the shower, hour
Beats is knocking, hooks is rare
Earned my spot, nobody ain't put me here
Burnt my block, I had a fiend cooking with beer
Like the Bobby Wilmack of crack
Might see me in the Burgundy thing, or the black on black
Matter of fact, go get ya chrome
Cause I rather be, broke together than rich alone
Clapping em' down, backing em' down (uh)
Fuck what ever happened before, I'm what's happening now

[Chorus: Nas (Jada)]
Now gangstas live, gangstas die
Grab ya guns, soldiers ride (show discipline nigga!)
Kill ya moms, kill ya pops, kill ya seed
Kill ya girl (Its principle nigga!)
Sell ya crack, sell ya coke
Sell ya E, sell ya smoke (you hustling nigga!)
Grab ya nine, grab ya pound
Grab ya tec, grab ya pump (you busting at niggas!, what)

[Nas]
We brave hearted, I had bitches trying to poison me
Niggas who kilt loyalty
Set me up, vested up my move accordingly
I ducked icepicks and ice sticks by cops who rookies
Hard to be righteous, and when life can just stop for pussy
Niggas killing over hoes, guns concealed in their clothes
Bodies at funerals, touch them they feel like they froze
Speech, totally calm, holding dead rappers ? in my palm
Burning flag, plus its on the qu'ran, its on the bible
Plus America cause that every car that's driving
Holding the ? you focus you know its Nas then,
Prince of the globe, leave no prince of the toast
Played with Ouija boards, burned frankenchise with a ghost
I've learned, to do good plus a waste of evil
And do what it takes to keep a smile on the face of my people
I was raised by the apes in this dark creep show, but yo

[Chorus]

[Jadakiss]
yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Think bout when I splatter ya mask(yea)
My niggas is happy, ya momma is sad
If ya niggas is riders, the drama will last
If ya niggas is snitch, been judging my ass
They said I'm too famous to run
So when I empty out this clip, I'm changing the gun
The realer the beef, the longer the clip
Murder ya mans, I'm gone in the mist
Call this girl after dark so we talked the bitch
We ain't care cause the whore wasn't shit
Doll, I ain't taking the L or wasting a shell
I bring the heat like I'm Satan itself
Fuck if you hard, fuck if you soft, long as you lost
Dick in the dirt, shit in ya drawers
Ill make ya grandmother get on the floor
Tie you up, then beat you to a pulp, say that this is a war
If in the four, mackign a pump, acting I dump
Throw you out the window then act like you jump

[Chorus: 2xx2]

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

Silent, silent
Murder

It's sort of like the conclusion, the color purple
Niggas is losing, confusion, with one time all pursuit moves in
Grabbing niggas up in this movement to rule shit
Cop verses the block, shorties is too quick
Lesson number one. If you're arrested and hung
Where niggas is from gotta keep a lid on your tongue
It's like silent murder, I hit blunts hard like Ray Mercer
the violent words of a prince in a palace of Persia.
The cognac plurger plus the trees,
but whose the faul one to make his nose take a freeze,
and got enough gold to rock ice in all hype.
Used to be a general but just lost his stripe
Pipe dreams and white feinds and all-nighters, collect calls from lifers
Astoria walls with cypress, since I got a problem with the law-writers,
I kick some more items just to explore horizons,
the palm lady dreamt of this day so I'ma play,
the crib close smokin' with the big toast and lay

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence
Silent
Silent, silent
Murder

My right handers never play too close to cameras
It's nighttime scanners circle that allow gamblers
Peace-making niggas pep talk
the peace-makin 'niggas walk off the hot avenues with they brew.
Time to get this loot countless, ''cause sun it ain't no youth fountains
Niggas take cash and shoot, bounce and Pakistanians is took hostage
Locked up inside a linen closet known for spending pies up
What's the flavour when your neighbors do jake favours?
Lock them real niggas down and lettin fake players
roam around the project this lyrical logic I dilute,
the weak can object the right composite
We're plottin' all murderous schemes,
it seems I'm ghostly called by the essence of queens
the palm lady dreamt of this day, so I'ma play
the crib close smokin' with the big toast and lay

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast,
a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas
Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz
Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass
Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics
Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards
So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips
A stack right under my matress
To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture
Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas
April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches
Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence

And Cain killed his brother Abel when God accepted Abel's 
Offering and not his.
Abel's offering showed that Cain was not giving his best to God,
And Cain's jealous anger drove him to murder
Drove him to murder

[Nas]
Yeah I'ma do it from back here
What up Braveheart? What it taste like daddy? (chocolate cake nigga)
Yeah that's what I'm talking about that's how it's supposed to be
Life is beautiful
Yo this girl tried to play me though...so I had to ya know...
I had to do my thing to step it up
Get right with a new one...
Now I'm feeling alright so everything's all good

[Chorus: Jully Black]
(It's alright)
Nothing ever gonna nothings ever gonna come between me and you
Baby I just got to let you know (Know)
Nothing ever gonna nothings ever gonna come between me and you
I promise you the sun moon and stars

[Jungle]
We used to meet at the motel
Heart break hotel
Body hypnotic exotic as hell
Got a nigga in a spell
She from my dreams
Girl taste good like carvelle ice cream
A few tattoo's on her butter soft skin
I gave my support when she had that abortion
Remember I could make you warm in the winter
Buy you a mink coat every December
And laugh and joke about the shit we been threw
Then you open your legs and say be gentle
I'll try I can see they spark in your eyes
It's gonna be fireworks like the fourth of July
Untouchable, unbreakable, intimate, multiple orgasms...
When I be rippin it
Your favorite positions, neighbors be listening, 
Hating and wishing that our relationship end
But you my brave girl

[Chorus]

[Wiz]
Now let me tell you what I am here to do
My baby girl is stuck stupid looking miserable ma keep your head up
Cause ma I'm right here let's do the damn thing girl it can't be love
Cause I be waiting a minute for your walk by
Listen I'm lifting your legs up in the air my only vision
While I'm stroking thinking about money and smoking
Hoping we could do this again and again and again and again yo
I feel your pain I'm leaving your mouth dry your man can't do this ma he to lame
Keep him of your brain
While you let me do me on you drove off as soon as I came
It was evident shorty talking celibate never this I am not 
Reverend do you hear what I'm telling you
The time is now or never shorty screaming and yelling
Yo calm down and let my comrade tell it

[Nas]
Girl you look so sweet (so sweet girl)
But that is what you are (what you are baby)
And no one comes between (nobody)
Never some moon and stars (that's right)
Some come sail away with me (me and you)
Cause your my Braveheart girl (Bravehearts)
And will get high with each other uh huh (uh huh)

[Nas]
Phase one we meet and exchange numbers
Phase two is day two call you for a address to come to
Day three is phase three h-e-a-d usually
But cause we just met there is other interests
Want to smother with teddy bears and lilly's
Wine and dine you I'm a gentleman but savage behind you
Know you feeling me my carrots will blind you
You love me but I love liquor and bud I married Tijuana

[Chorus]

I saw you walking 
Down on Melrose 
You looked like an angel 
Straight out of heaven, girl 
I was blown away by 
Your sexiness 
All I have to do is catch up to you 

[Chorus]
Slow down I just want to get to know you 
But don't turn around 
'cause that pretty round thing looks good to me 
Slow down never seen anything so lovely 
Now turn around 
And bless me with your beauty, cutie 
A butterfly tattoo 
Right above your naval 
Your belly button's pierced too just like I like it girl 
Come take a walk with me 
You'll be impressed by 
The game that I kick to you 
It's over and for real

[Bridge]
Like a flower fully bloomed in the summertime, you're ready 
To be watered by this conversation, you're ready 
And we all can use shine like the sun 
Let me be the one to enjoy you 
Let's kick it girl 

[Chorus: x2]

Oh baby you know by now that I want you bad 
I'm floating on open air I can't come down 
Cupid hit me already damn 
Now I can't leave till seven digits are in my hand, my
Hand 

[Bridge]

[Chorus: x2]

Slow down never seen anything so lovely 
Cutie 

[Chorus]

So we look at what's going on, this as an extreme aggression, um
I'm also hearing about it from everywhere!
It's-it's on the islands, it's on the continent, it's here, it's everywhere!
And this is, if you will, a war, an all out assault by

The sly fox
Cyclops
We locked
In the idiot box
The video slots
Broadcast
The waco davidian plots
They own youtube, myspace
When this ignorant shit gon' stop?
They monopolizing news
Your views
And the channel you choose
Propaganda
Visual cancer
The eye
In the sky
Number five
On the dial
Secret agenda
Frequency antenna
Doctor mind bender
Remote control
Soul
Controller
Your brain holder
Slave culture
Game's over
What's a fox characteristic?
Slick shit
Sensin'
Misinformation
Pimp the station
Over stimulation
Reception
Deception
Comcast digital satan
The fox has a bushy tail
And bush tells
Lies and foxtrots
So I don't know what's real

[Chorus]
Watch what you watchin'
Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping
Start thinking
Outside of the box and
Unplug from the matrix doctrine
But watch what you say big brother is watchin'
Watch what you watchin'
Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping
Start thinking
Outside of the box and
Unplug from the matrix doctrine
But watch what you say fox 5 is watchin'

The fear factor got you all rattled up
O' reilly
Oh really?
No rally needed
I'll tie you up
Network for child predators, settin' 'em up
Myspace pimps, hoes, and sluts
Ya'll exploit rap culture, then ya'll flip on us
And you own the post, and ya'll shit on us
What is they net worth?
They gon' try to censor my next verse?
Throw 'em off the roof neck first
While I'm clicking my cursor
Reading blogs about the pressure they put on universal
It gets worse while I'm clicking my mouse
While they kickin' my house
They figured us out
Why a nigga go south
It's either he caught a body, no sleep they watchin'!
I watch cbs
And I see b.s.!
Tryin' to track us down with gps
Make a nigga wanna invest in pbs

[Chorus]

They say I'm all about murder-murder and kill-kill
But what about grindhouse and kill bill?
What about cheney and halliburton? (halliburton?)
The backdoor deals
On oil fields
How's nas the most violent person?
Y'all don't know talent if it hit you
Bringin' up my criminal possession charges with a pistol (pistol)
I use viacom
As my firearm
And let the lyrics split you
Who do you rely upon?
They shoot shells at leviathan
I'm dealing with the higher form
Fuck if you care how I write a poem?
Only fox that I love was the red one
Only black man that fox loves is in jail or a dead one!
Red rum
Political bedlam
Don't let the hype into your eyes and ear drum
Murdoch on fox
Not 18 with barracas
And he hate barack cause
He march with the marchers

I pledge allegiance to the fair and balanced truth.
Not the biased truth
Not the liar's truth
But the highest truth
I will not be deceived
Nor will I believe
In the propaganda
I will not fall for the okey-doke
I am tuned-in

Watch, cause they're watching
Watch what you're watching

Better watch, cause they're watching
Watch what you're watching

Me-me-media
Misleading ya

Watch what you're watching

[Nas]
See no evil, fear no evil, speak no evil, hear no evil, 
If you don't bring that shit around you
You ain't got nothing to worry about (uh-huh)
Yeah (yeah, uh-huh)
Know what i'm saying?

Yo, yo yo yo
Carolyn, from Maryland, she Lady Heroin
She elegant, her apparel in the M-Class caravan
Ki's of dope, loving cats to ski in her dope
She fuck killers in her condo, her Benz and her boat
Her iced throat, ass is curvy, 40 years old
She passing for 30, Gucci framed glasses from Purvy's
Madison Ave., shopping when she not, copping bricks of that shit
She hopping on dicks, riding Pony's who trick
At my man's wake, she said the eulogy
After that I usually, bumped into her shopping for jewelry
Her bodyguard screwing me, I gave her my math
Ain't nothing new to me, blowing backs out, six-pack Stout's
Wide fat mouth, the evil look, with a bow-leg
Yo niggas said, "Shorty's a pro, she blow heads
She push the fo' red, she know Feds, Feds know her"
A code red, maybe she's out to slay me, this bitch is crazy
She blew the celly up, meet me at the telly to fuck
She knew about, cats from way back, we smoke the haystack
She never cough once, blunts was her hobby
She said I knew her man probably, no doubt, not since he tried to rob me
I jetted though, sometimes you never know
He snorted all her work, now she need me, to do her dirty work

[Chorus]
It's a small world ("It's a, small world")
Nigga you reap what you sew
What goes around, comes around
If you sleep you don't know
A very small world ("It's a, small world")
where beef could never end
At the time you least expect it
I'ma see you again
It's a small world ("It's a, small world")
You get away with it now
Soon enough it catches up to you
Someway, somehow
Yo it's a small world
Watch what you do ("It's a, small world")

Snook from Redhook was grimy, did five years, glad to be home
from Attica known, for keeping chrome calibers
Smooth like a Wallaby shoe, he's out to get it
Five years planning to blow, soon as he hit the bri-dicks
Had a girl in Westside Queens, thought he was low
Played the crib for a month, and deaded his P.O.
Started robbing niggas til he caught a whole kilo
He had a bunch of starving niggas he owe, he never paid though
Got large, sign on his door, "Don't knock hard"
Layin with his bitch, niggas is rich, is what he told her
Played the block, holding cracks inside the baby stroller
Here come his crazy soldier, six shots it's over
A year went past, Snook went flossing fast
His old man had crossed his ass, for the laws of this fast cash

[Chorus]

I seen death, seen thugs cry, it's bugged why
we let the slugs fly, enter your brain, through your skull
Another thug died, pitching your soul, into that infinite
black hole, where many souls go cause of a fo'-fo' blast
Snook was one of em, so many more
Even that Fendi whore, got niggas hit up yeah let that Henny pour
Carolyn, paid-up bitch, made bitch, stay rich
Heard her bodyguard took Snook to God
Carolyn when she needed him, he took the job
He was close to her, ever since she took him inside
When his moms died, dope-fiend OD-ed, eighty-five
He went crazy, stuck up banks, to stay alive
He was live, do niggas even know the things that he tried
Robbed armored trucks, incidents where po-lice died
He stayed in lower Eastside, peace God (peace God)
He staring at me hard
Two of his mans with him, I got to hit em
I'm reaching for my Roscoe, cocked it back on, and get my blast on
At the gas station, bunch of Arabs racing
out the way, as my Torah spray, jump in the whip
Hit the highway, you know how I say, the game that I play
It's real tendencies, when you feel your enemies
but can't figure out whose who, keep it true
Shit is cool now, put the tools down?  Never
Cause everyday is on, living this life, out for this cheddar

[Chorus]

("I'm going to see you again,
Uh-huh, I'm going to see you again, nigga, 
Uh-huh, going to see you again nigga, yeah")

Bis-Mi-Allah A-Rahman A-Rahim
(To the Gods, to the Gods, to the Earths)
Pass that shit homey

Now tell me what y'all smoking
What kinda heat y'all holdin'
Well is your creep move potent
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon
We bi-coastin, keeping our pockets bulging
We got the plan in motion
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon

Zoom, from outer space he comes
Blunt in his mouth with his hand on his gun
Bitches flapping they gums, do he be clapping and shooting guys
Actor or a movie star, rapper revolutionized
What is his race nation or creed?
Is he Arabic, black, lating, Asian they read
Magazines say I walked on water, talked to the heavens
Spit at judges, stepped on peasants
But in reality, I just entered your galaxy
September '73, up in these wild streets
Fuckin these wild freaks, a harem of hoes (God damn)
And my mystique got 'em tearing my clothes

Now tell me what y'all smoking
What kinda heat y'all holdin'
Well is your creep move potent
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon
We bi-coastin, keeping our pockets bulginh
We got the plan in motion
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon

My nigga smoke with one lung
If he cough he might die, passing me trees
The liquor bottle's almost empty
We about to collide, with the enemy
Only way you die if it's meant to be
You fucking with a general
No discussion is the principle we busting it's the end of you
Now we knocking on your mama door
Like we cam to fix the sink, my kind of war
Death, angels coming for you
Spirit horse running from your body like Young Guns 1 and 2
Paramedics fighting for you, who's gon' win?
The hands of time, or the hands of medicine
Don't cry, witness your fate, this is your wake
Walk by your casket, spit in your face
Enter the fog dog, the light is your guide
And when you're gone all your niggas gon' light it with Nas

Now tell me what y'all smoking
What kinda heat y'all holdin'
Well is your creep move potent
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon
We bi-coastin, keeping our pockets bulging
We got the plan in motion
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon

Pardon but I gotta question of life now
Look at the nigga next to you right now
Is he real, fake or scared
Do it like this niggas right hands in the air
Ball it to a fist and put it over your heart
Now let's say it all together let the ceremony start
I shall, stay real stay true stay holding figures
Never put a bitch over my niggas
I shall never, cooperate with the law
Never snake me I always hold you down in war
If they take one of mine, I take one of theirs
I never break the oath to the death I swear
I swear that's how we pledge allegiance, to the alliance
Of underworld's killers and thugs, though the science
Of a nigga still yet to be found
So light up some green, and pass it around (just pass it around)

Now tell me what y'all smoking
What kinda heat y'all holdin'
Well is your creep move potent
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon
We bi-coastin, keeping our pockets bulging
We got the plan in motion
I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon

Want to get high, come smoke with me
Smoke with me, light it up

Want to get high, come smoke with me
Smoke with me, light it up

Want to get high, come smoke with me
Smoke with me, light it up

Want to get high, come smoke with me
Smoke with me, light it up

[Chorus: x2]
Some of us have angels, the kingdom, the power
Some of us have angels, the power, the glory
Some of us have demons, greed, and lust
Some of us have demons, lust, temptation

[Nas]
Now this is you, dressed in all black, fatigue hat, ready for combat
A good nigga, you don't leave tracks
A hood nigga wanting G-stacks, do what you gotta do to get that
You feel you need that, where the jooks at?
These are your niggaz, creeping they be leaving niggas sleep with you
Loc' style, quiet no smile, it's the official
Sometime they grimy, speaking on they own people
They snake you if they have to, raised tattoos
Now these are your bitches, phoning lonely homey chickens
All the homies stick em, you think you own em man listen
She stab you in your sleep with a knife from out the kitchen
Put a root on you, next week they find you missing
Dead in your Expedition in the forest, fell off the cliff and
Tumbled til you blew up, Feds told her and she threw up
Fake bitches, actresses, wicked witch practices
Two sides of us, negative or positive

[Chorus]

[Nas]
Now this is your mom, your good luck charm
Pushing you to do no wrong, praying for you that you live long
Nobody kill my baby, but she know her baby crazy
In and out of jail, mom's screaming, "God take me!"
This is your pop, chip off the old block that made him
The man of the house, mom and pops seperating
Spitting image of a gangster the way pop walked
The way pop talked, got older and you thanked him now
This is your hood, poor folks drugs and robberies
Turning into the things moms wanted you not to be
Crime following the wrong dudes who have no values
Life's cheap as the dime in the minds of those around you
This is the test, the stress, the conflict the ups and downs of
Niggas around you make threats
They tell you keep it gangster, no matter the predicament
Even though your decision won't help you benefit

[Chorus]

[Nas]
Now once again this is you, entertaining your desires
Bitches money and guns, aiming and you fire
Everyday is grief, if it ain't beef, it's feeding your seed
Trying to eat?  You form material needs
The weed make your brain sizzle, a pistol make it cool off
By sticking up niggas, make them take they jewels off
His reputation is, bigger than his whole life span
He never planned to fail, he just failed to plan
What does it take to realize, Satan's alive, he whispers
And any chance he get, he can take niggas
He comes in all shapes and sizes, his best disguise is
When he stand beside us, but God is inside us, within me
You are your worst enemy, my mom's words echo in my head
And if I let go I'm dead
He stepped at my door, the ? motivate my spirit
And now the body experience, so now I feel it
Looking at my blessings, the bullets, that missed me could of hit me
Them court cases could of put me in the penitentiary
I never hate, that's just wasted energy
The past is gone, the present's a gift, so what's the mystery?
The future, and time only reveals, what fear is
False expectations, appearing real
We only human, love thy neighbor, so I was told
And I will til permanently, my eyes are closed

[Chorus]

Can't start a fire without a flame
Can't play the part without a game
Cant feel the love without the pain
Can't talk to me if you talk the same

Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something

Can't have a drink without a well
Can't fall asleep without a spell
Can't feel the wind without a kite
Can't back your bags without the eyes

Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something

Time for the shades on, on, shot glass
Fly eyes, pretty smile, plus she got glass
I'ma show you a little something,
But here's a preview when I, 
She's hot, like liquid metal when
Red carpet and ghetto
Baby I'm nasty Nas, I just had to meet you
Just watch that back with a glass 

Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something
Baby I can give you something

Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah, yeah

For niggaz up in they mom's crib listenin
To this unadulterated Nas shit wishin it was then
Instead a, me on this track on this beach with palm trees
Drinks with umbrellas straws telling it raw
Jungle of concrete killers and snakes I was amongst that
Bundles of crack through this funnel that's black
I want you to vision through my telescope see the hell I wrote
It's Reynolds when I Wrap it like a envelope package
And they would send the dope back then
Numbers, pimpin and robbin, well they still robbin and pimpin
But it's small change compare to hip hoppin
And did I mention millions because of lip poppin
Trips expensive gift shoppin whip drivin
Benzes, Jeeps, see, them and they bitch got one
It's shockin you thinkin naw it's just rhymin
But all this time it's like organized crimin
For instance, there was a time when there was a line
Between streets and business, but now peep how it's mixed in
The beef is now sickenin, everybody got paper
Words of power, because of it the cops hate ya
The government watchin all of those who thuggin it
They want to lock us up cause they kids are lovin it
Not knowin that most rappers are straight ass
The shots ring out, whenever we clash it's Star Wars

We call it Star Wars
What happens when the shots ring out, Star Wars
We call it Star Wars

Caviar never, I rather the Cajun blacken
Catfish no snails simple nigga to please
Met a bad bitch dimples in her cheeks
She remembers Busy be	 battles when it was peace
Caught myself driftin in thought, cause now it's different I thought
Niggaz was raised off the shit I record
Like I was brought up off that Planet Rock
Kurtis Blow, James Todd Smith, Shannon Scott, LaRock in the jams
Why would they fuck with a don, Jehovah witness
Him and his co-defendants, I eat 'em like Lucky Charms
With two percent low fat milk, five percent pro black built
It's nothin mother had a motherfucker
I don't think about it niggaz talkin there's a lot of gossip
That I'm a prophet or I can't go back to my projects
Can I? Does a plant grow from a plant yes
Do trees grow from a forest MC's why'all are clitoris
why'all niggaz roll with any click that's winnin any crew
Doin whatever's trendy, even they leave me too
Ain't enough room in this town
What is beef between ghetto word spitters with crowns, Star Wars

Cause this is Star Wars, shots ring out everywhere, Star Wars
Cause this is Star Wars, shots ring out

[Verse 3]
This ain't, no Oscars or MTV or Joan Rivers fashion police
Not what you read in tabloid seats
These are MC's that live by the code, it's hard for me to spit it
Because the game was supposed to be sold we livid
Came from the streets we the voice of the youth
America's nightmare was given a the mic booth
Nike boots, leathers and jean, jewelry, cribs and cars
Rappers not dependin on your nine to five jobs
Entertainment, this is our world this is our language
Different regions speakin east and west gang shit
You got your positive shit like, Common Sense
But even he had drama with the Don Mega Cube
Acknowledge the words get twisted at times it's rules
What you think is different from the block whenever we feud
Fuck your pictures and your plaques your tours and autographs
Don't trust bitches and niggaz who tell you your all of that
Cause, they'll be in your enemies face, sayin it's safe
To run in your release party sprayin the place
Or catch you when you least on point, putting your keys in the door
Behind you with your seeds in Kay Bee Toys store
Maybe the words get disrespectful now your niggaz check you
You 'gon let that nigga play you, you know we 'gon rep you
Next mornin every news channel and front page
Headlines another rapper was slayed, this is Star Wars

Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors
Shout to them niggas, family men, bringin' home dinners
Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt ya happy home
Miserable and alone, kissable, nice to bone
She not the type deserving of a throne
Her beauty is her curse, she fuck for shoes and a purse
Make me a movie first, can watch you on my phone
I shop in Barcelona, I spend some nights in Rome
Feel like a knight from England, that's what I named my son: Knight
He was born to be one, that's how my game was won
White 740 Beamer, licked by an angel's tongue
I'm livin' dangerous son, she got a man, a famous one
Honey be pocket watchin', she got a lot of options
Hard to make up her mind decidin' which baller to rock with
Hot to death, slim pickings, but I'm not impressed
She got the hottest sex, so I guess I'ma just

Stay

Even though I don't like you, next Friday night can't wait to fight you
Locked up I would knife you, don't fuck with you
Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked
I felt bad, wait, do I got love for you?
I might kill you, but do I got love for you?
I want you dead under 6 feet of soil
At the same time, want you here to witness me while you in misery
We hate each other, but it's love, what a thug mystery
Years ago they ate the heart of a slain enemy
We enemies, but your hatred could never enter me
Some seek fame cause they need validation
Some say hatin' is confused admiration
Spotlight on me, I still look twenty
Still get money, lady killer pushin' a Bentley
Maybe niggas could see too much of they failures through a nigga who realer
I don't like you near bruh, but I need you to
Stay

"Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to
This motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!)
But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz
(Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin'
Emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit!
IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!"

We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay)
When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden
Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate
Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight
I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work
Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go)
We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work
And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked
We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to
Take the coke from Coca-Cola
Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill
The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel
Nigga just sound the bell
Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin'
Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin'
I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves
We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11

I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me
A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy
I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya
Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya
If you stressin' to get buried
My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry
Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy
Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy
Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi'
And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!)
FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants
So I get higher than New York insurance
Try to keep shit clean like Florence
Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance
And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry
Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz

I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues
And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's
I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused
All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool"
A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed
Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge
So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what
To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair
'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there
Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there
They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer
Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare
Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair
When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair
Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted
At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there
Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help
So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self
You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game
Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name
When that other man ain't even present
And deny it when somebody ask him about it
That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic
Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came
That's the way I remain

Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption
My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune
I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm
From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster
Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters
Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs
With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up
Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode
The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over
Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya
Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya
Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba
To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill
'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga
Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don
You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts
Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost
So when y'all done with my style, please break me off
But never make Nas mad just in case cross
'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy
To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry

Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka
He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka
Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka
What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka
See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay
Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50
See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay
When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me
Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle
Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie
I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy
Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit
Even if the DA is a piece'a shit
Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit
Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick
I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs
Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks
When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack
Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks
So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible
No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal
And that's my report comin' straight from Cali
Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale

Some people (Yeah)
Some people
Some people really are
Still dreaming (And as the sun sets
and the night falls)
They are still dreaming (and them hoes call)

He pulled up at 6:30 in his 745
As he wavin' his shorty hi, you know he showin' his bling out
She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out
His girl call, feelin' she mad, she threw the ring out

How she found out, she dreamt the whole thing out
Y'all be goin' through problems you gotta work the kinks out
When you go to sleep, what do you think 'bout?
If y'all get a divorce she gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out

Make it so cold that you gotta pull ya mink out
Or grab ya roller skates and, turn a roller rink out
You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle
Meanwhile, she out, doin' the same thing now
Nightmares from your dream gal make ya scream out

Some people really (still dreamin')
Some people really (make ya scream out)
Some people really are (still)
Still dreaming (st-still dreamin')
(O-o-o-o-one two one two
Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true)
They are still dreaming
(O-o-o-o-one two one two
Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true)

Some people really
Some people really
Some people really are

How you a man waitin' for the next man to get rich?
Yo' plan is to stick out yo' hand real quick
So if he feed ya family and he serve you shit
Then he need that head you get and he deserve your bitch

Since you wishin' cash fall from the sky all ya life
Dwellin' on the past when you was alright
When you was gettin' cash but wasn't too bright
Now ya luck down you feel like, bustin' them shells

Nobody owe you, can't do nothin' for self
Want niggaz to show you, how to come up wit' green
I scheme since I'm fourteens, what the fuck was your dream?
Rental cars, little broads, sayin' you was seen

Wit' little niggaz wit' a chain you was doin' ya thing
How high was I? You the thousandth guy
That came around thinkin' we can see, eye to eye
We on a different echelon, coulda got bread together
Now you gets deaded on

Some people really
Some people really
Some people really are

She had several cars, she had credit cards, a castle
Large master bathroom, gettin' a pedicure
Belaney by the glassful, said she been meanin' to ask who
Would need a cash rule, who could blast tools

And I'm eatin' cashews, knew she was bad news
But we mad cool, nothin' sexual 'cause I knew her since high school
Grew up wit' my dudes, like one of my crews
She worked for Fox News

One of her mans that she lent her drop to
Won't come back wit' it so she want him clapped in it
Says it's important that it looks like an accident
She was snortin' and her eyes had bags in it

Sheets was recordin had a wire, askin' shit
Four days before I came by she got bagged wit' bricks
Crossed the line from her world of news castin'
To a world of entrapment, a good girl gone backwards
Still dreamin'

Uh, you know I still run with that, that blood of a slave
Boiling in my veins
It's just hot until a nigga can't take it no more
Blood of a slave, heart of a king
Turn my voice up

Ayo, the brother is "stillmatic"
I crawled up out of that grave, wiping the dirt, cleaning my shirt
They thought I'll make another "illmatic"
But it's always forward I'm moving

Never backwards stupid here's another classic
See-notes is falling from the sky
By now the credits roll starring nas executive poet, produced, directed by
The kid slash escobar

Narration describes the lives and laws tribes in the ghetto trying to survive
The feature opens with this young black child
Finger scratch, cigarette burns on the sofa, turning the tv down
Mary jane girls, 45's playing, soft in the background

Food from see-town's mornings was hash browns
Stepped over dope fiends, walking out the door, all of us paw
I learned the difference between the snitches, the real ones, and who's soft
And the murderous, hungriest crews

People jumping from roofs, shotguns pumping made it through my youth
Walking very thin lines, ages seven and nine
That's the age I was on my album cover, this is the rebirth
I know the streets thirst water like Moses

Walking through the hot desert searching to be free
This is my end and my new beginning nostalgia
Out for the in a mega places, it's like a glitch in the matrix
I seen it at all, did it all, most of why'all been pop for a minute

Spitters, sinners and the game get rid of y'all
Y'all got there but y'all didn't get it all, I want my style back
Hate to cease y'all plan it's the rap reaper man
To them double up hustlers, bidders, niggaz who real

Professionals, stick up childs dreaming for meals
Let my words guide you, get inside you
From crypts to pirals this is survival

Blood of a slave, heart of a king
Blood of a slave, heart of a king
Uh, uh blood of a slave, heart of a king
Uh, yea
Huh, braveheart

Uh, what, what, uh

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

My man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square
Headed for Delaware, with one change of gear
Nothing on my mind but the dime sack we blazed
With the glaze in my eye, that we find when we crave
Dollars and cents, a fugitive with two attempts
Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print
Though I'm innocent, til proven guilty
I'ma try to filthy, purchase a club and start up realty
For real G, I'ma fulfill my dream
If I conceal my scheme, then precisely I'll build my cream
The first trip without the clique
Sent the bitch with the quarter brick, this is it
Fresh face, NY plates got a Crooked I for the Jakes
I want it all, Armor All Benz and endless papes
God sake, what nigga got to do to make a half million
Without the FBI catching feelings

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

From fat cat to papi, niggas see the cat
Twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back
Holding gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back
Living with moms, getting it on, flushing crack down the toilet
Two sips from bein alcoholic
Nine hundred ninety nine thou from being rich but now I'm all for it
My man saw it like Dionne Warwick
A wiser team, for a wiser dream we could all score with
The cartel Argentina coke with the nina
Up in the hotel, smoking on sessamina
Trina got the fishscale between her
The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her
She got me back living sweeter, fresh Caesar
Guess, David Robinson's, Walle' moccasins
Bitches blow me while hopping in the drop-top BM
Word is bond son, I had that bitch down on my shit like this

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

Growing up project-struck, looking for luck dreaming
Scoping the large niggas beaming, check what I'm seeing
Cars, ghetto stars pushing ill Europeans
G'n, heard about them old timers OD'n
Young, early 80's, throwing rocks at the crazy lady
Worshipping every word them rope rocking niggas gave me
The street raised me up, giving a fuck
I thought Jordan's and a gold chain was living it up
I knew the dopes, the pushers, the addicts everybody
Cut out of class, just to smoke blunts and drink naughty
Ain't that funny?  Getting put on to crack money
With all the gun play, painting the kettle black hungry
A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years
Some niggas went for theirs, flipping coke as they career
But I'm a rebel stressing, to pull out of the heat no doubt
With Jeeps tinted out, spending never holding out

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

Street dreams are made of these
Niggas push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reaching a key
Everybody's looking for something
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggas with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's looking for something

All I do is stay focused, looking straight forward at the world and beyond
I feel people pulling me down
I feel some pulling me up, I can't get stuck
I just keep moving forward
I got places to go, man, let's go

When the Armageddon's dark and dread
A lot of weak-hearted weep and moan
Only the strong will continue
Do you have it in you?
Come, we've got a journey to go
And when the battle get sour and dread
A lot of weak-hearted wither and moan
Only the strong will continue
I know you have it in you
I know you have it in you

Hey, the victory's found in truth
Like innocence found in youth
Self-defeat is your own dispute
And, man, you put yourself in your own shoes
Either you're winning or losing
Don't you get it confused
'Cause you're starring in your own movie
Playing of the role you choose, so
Stand up and fight if you know that you're right and know you will never fail
Tipping the scale and the wind shall prevail and the boat shall forever sail
Hey, there ain't no stopping or cruising
Even when you're battered and bruised
Hold down all the sprinklers on Mt. Olympus
My god's tougher than Zeus

When the Armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen)
A lot of weak-hearted weep and moan (I get up and we get it cracking)
Only the strong will continue
Do you have it in you?
Come, we've got a journey to go
And when the battle get sour and dread (I get up and I get it going)
A lot of weak-hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing)
Only the strong will continue (yeah)
I know you have it in you (yeah, yeah)
I know you have it in you

As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
New York to Cali for the money, power, respect
It's a journey, some'll get left behind
'Cause in life you cannot press rewind
Get it right: you only have one first chance
To make one first impression that lasts a lifetime
Reputation supersedes itself
Do you believe in Hell? Babylon greed for wealth
Do you deceive yourself and let your ego swell
And disregard those who most need your help?
Thick-skinned, the dark won't take my soul
Survived spiritual wars, see my welts?
And the evil's felt, but the faith is stronger
I saw grown men fall when I was a youngster
But I clench my fists ready to go against whoever
Tie my Timbs and rise in the end

When the Armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen)
A lot of weak-hearted weep and moan (I get up and we get it cracking)
Only the strong will continue
Do you have it in you?
Come, we've got a journey to go
And when the battle get sour and dread (I get up and I get it going)
A lot of weak-hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing)
Only the strong will continue (yeah)
I know you have it in you (yeah, yeah)
I know you have it in you

No man live forever, but never say never
Every good he want better, just be a go-getter
And always be clever in every endeavor
The drastic time call for drastic measure
Your girl tied to pleasure from your neighbor since ever
The land and the treasure work for whatever
Just don't be a beggar, the Alpha Omega
Will bless every soul no matter which name you prefer
The immortal stepper believe in every skin
No matter which color they are
Would never let, Him not care which kind of weather
You're destined to rise like the Son of Rebbecca
Don't stop for a second
Every man reckon it sure would be good to be there
Whether Zion or Mecca
When the gates are finally closed
And the saints go marching in

When the Armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen)
A lot of weak-hearted weep and moan (I get up and we get it cracking)
Only the strong will continue
Do you have it in you?
Come, we've got a journey to go
And when the battle get sour and dread (I get up and I get it going)
A lot of weak-hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing)
Only the strong will continue (only the strong will continue)
I know you have it in you
I know you have it in you

I'm a street-lifer always harassed by the C ciphers
Chief like Geronimo with his peace pipe
I emerge from the street life
This for the homies who relate, know what it be like
My QB life takin' a turn to the Louis the Thirteenth life
Twisted and mangled sort of like Bruce Lee life
Cursed with his son Brandon, if that's you and me tonight
I pray our fate's greater
I speak life, I still matter as a rapper, not doubtin'
Even Toni Braxton signed a deal with Craig Cowman
How in the hell am I supposed to stay comfy
When I pay child-support, alimony monthly?
Got Maseratis and Ferraris
Only like a woman who's a rider, but only hos want me
Single life crazy, niggas wives on me
I say stay faithful, they say they man connin'
So I'm stuck with some married woman so fine
Cheatin' while they husband is rushin' on the forty-yard line
Wonder if this is what my ex did the whole time
Good niggas always seem to end up with some hard times
Hope not, if a pimp slippin' in a ho plot
Ain't nothin' to a G in a two-tone drop
Kid, and it don't stop
See a nigga disappearin' with the baddest honies in the whole spot, yeah

Your Success took a shot at you
What are you going to do now?
How are you gonna kill it?
You gonna become unsuccessful?
Frank, you can be successful and have enemies
Or,
Be unsuccessful too and you can have friends

I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it.

Let that bitch breath,

I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less.
What do I think of success
It sucks, too much stress
I guess I blew up quick, cause friends I grew up with
See me as a pre-me but I'm not and my nuts big
I don' know what the fuss is
My cribs illustrious
My rep is impeccable
I'm not to be fucked with

Shit
Let that bitch breath

I'm way to important to be talking about extortion'
Asking me for a portion is like asking for a coffin
Broad day light I off your on switch
Ya not too bright, goodnight, long kiss
Bye, bye my reply
Blah blah
Blast burning and pass burner the ta ta
Finish my breakfast, why?
I got an appetite for destruction and your a small fry
Now where was I?

Let that bitch breathe

I used to give a shit, now I don give a shit more
Truth be told, I had more fun when I was piss poor
I'm pissed off
This what success all about?
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths
All this stress, all I got is this big house
Couple cars I don bring half them shits out
All of this ace of spade I drank just to piss out
I mean I like the taste could of saved myself 6 hours
How many times can I go to Mr. Childs, towels no booth
Hold up, lemme move my bouwls
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys
(Ya ain't about to shit on my nigga)

I got watches I ain't seen in months
Apartment at the Trump; I only slept in once
Niggas said Hova was ova, such dummies
Even If I fell I'll land on a bunch of money
Ya ain't got nothing for me
"Nas; let that bitch breathe"

Success, McLaren, women staring
My villain appearance sacred blood of a king
and my vein ain't spilling
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello
Camaro driven, I climax from paper
and ask why is life worth living?
Is it to hunt for the shit that you want?
To receives great, but I lust giving
The best jewelers wanna make my things
I make Jacob shit on the range just to make me a chain
Niggas mention the one love
Came home with the paper in hand
They gotta brag about the FEDS young man
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments
Google Earth Nas, I got flats in other continents
Worst enemies wanna be my best friends
Best friends wanna be enemies like thats whats in
But I don't give a fuck walk inside the lions den
Take everybody?s chips, about to cash them in
Up your catalog dog, mine's worth to much
Like Mike Jacks ATV part, Mottola can't touch
Let this bitch breathe

Let this bitch breathe

[Busta Rhymes]
Hey fellas
I think you might want to s-s-sneak your ratchet in here for this one
Hey ladies
Put your petroleum jelly on your face
Yo Nas, we got a big bet in the streets
That you knock they ass out in the first 30 seconds of the first round
Get 'em!

[Nas]
Sitting up drunk, shuffling thoughts
Got paper but I'm lost
Losing focus what a nigga still hustling for
My seed is straight, the fam is settled
Idle time get the man in trouble
When wifey touring, my life get boring
Start to remember all types of torment
The devil's calling, but I don't answer
Mom passed from cancer, leaving behind
Two granddaughters, two grandsons, two 9's
Next to me in the Phantom, who lying?
Big screen documentaries of Idi Amin
Gotta, try to stay away from creeps
With they bullshit, trying to put me back in the streets
War stories, funerals
Where feds be laying from a dreadful slaying
Body viewing's at the wake
Nigga sit stiff in his Ferrari, no casket
With his eyelids still open, it's kinda spooky
Iceman watch on, the suit Gucci
I'm above the standard
But dude just Mar-salis than Branford
Thinking you're too rich, they want to gun ya
Kidnap ya cause of they hunger, but you fucking with hunters
Camouflaged in black hoods that dump clips
Cause real niggas die over dumb shit
Camouflaged in black hoods that dump clips
Cause real niggas die over dumb shit

[Chorus Busta Rhymes: x2]
Fight, fists, dance, sucker
Suicide, bounce, brother
Ice, whips, cash, nigga
Watch yo', big, ass, momma

[Nas]
To your, power structure, Nas is dangerous
Y'all the antithesis, the opposite
Twitching shit, all up in your body language
Mean mugging your bitch, cause she leans over
To look closer told you y'all sloppy gangsters saying
"Nas is this and Nas is that"
Your eyes go front, your eyes go back
Surprised I'm at the same place y'all be at
It's obvious you don't know how I react
Like, I don't know where the party's at
You're foaming at the mouth, losing breath
Like a cardiac arrest, but I ain't impressed
Cause the fact is, y'all don't really want it
Two to the head, fo' to the stomach
Call more security cause I come off
Anywhere you at you scary cats
If you dare squeeze back, guns shall rain
A thousand times harder than when I first came
Y'all not relentless, y'all dumb
And y'all just forgot about the consequences
Not a jail sentence, but see
The nigga you feed'll kick it to dude that kick it to me
We possess, the recipes for death, cause jealousy destroys
Feed the dog first, watch out for salmonella poisoning
I know a kid who'll throw shit in your food
And say, "That's the way you kill a man, avoid the shooting"
Hey

[Chorus]

You smile, in my face
Secretly I know, you want my place
You waiting on me to choke, don't want a nigga to breathe
You want to come cut my throat, you want to get rid of me
But before I let it happen them guns gon' start clapping
And y'all gon' rest in peace, cause death is the recipe
Before I let it happen them guns gon' start clapping
And y'all gon' rest in peace, cause death is the recipe

[Busta: x4] 
Suicide, bounce, brother

But that's the whole tragic point, my friends
What would I do if I could suddenly feel?
And to know once again that what I feel is real?
I could cry, I could smile
I might lay back for a while
Tell me what (what) what would I do
If I could feel?

I was young, I was surviving the times
Waiting for my moment, I was destined to shine
Little Ray had an NXX, I was hoping I'm next
Wanting bracelets, never had a rope on my neck

Unless I was holding Taiyeh chain, Rest In Peace
Even though that night you flipped on us
You warned us
If you came back and we still on the corners,

We goners, moving on to
Move your arm in your watch
To another time on the block
'Cause this 40 Side Where they said Shorty rhyme

Tragedy, he used to come through all the time
I'm talking Juice Crew, not what the word define
He had a sister named Erin, for sure was fine
That was my first crush, I bought my first mic

I wrote my first verse, I was about nine
I was about mine, fantasize house-buying
Met Paul, he wore some big glasses
Him and Melquan took me where G Rap lived

I was happy, just getting some answers
I ain't even know what a record advance was
I'm seeing hoes sex in the studio bathroom
With rap dudes, thinking wow she moved me

Same girl then, right now's a groupie
Back then, she was like the star in the movie
Large jewelry and expensive Gucci
Next stop, Paid In Full posse recruits me

Knew they were some millionaires, their ropes were dookie
Eric B man looking like touch-it-he-shoot-me
You see, every time Ra didn't show
I get to record demos at attempts to blow

I wonder could they tell, how did they know
Sixteen years later, here I go

[Chorus: x 4]
What would I do?

I'm with Akinyele in the street, trying to get us a deal
G Rap tried to get us to sign to Cold Chill
But Fly Ty didn't have the contract we wanted
Clark Kent just signed Das, he didn't want us

Russell said I sounded like G, the nigga fronted
Reef and Matty C offered me a little money
Shit a little funny, feel a little laughter
Rebel of Hip-Hop coming through a white rapper

My boy MC Serch nevertheless
Took me to Columbia, back then CBS
Chris Schwartz, RuffHouse, he was the best man
Now bugging because the label had just dropped Def Jam

Could you picture Russell needing a check, man
But he smart, he plotted a plan for Polygram
Life is ill, again life's a movie
Then, the roster's: Cypress Hill, Nas, and Fugees

Before I sold records, no promotion
The rap world like, what's all this commotion
Went plat', mad bottles I'm toasting
20/20 hindsight, but how did they know then

[Chorus]

Invincible, lyrical, miracle man, huh
But back to the matter at hand
'Cause ten years ago we all strived to be twenty-five
Some cats didn't make it alive

Dated some stars but respect their privacy
Copped mad cars, laying back in the driver's seat
Held myself down, just steering the wheel
Here I am, completed my whole record deal

[Chorus]

What would I do?
If I could reach inside of me?
And to know how it feels to say
"I like what I see..."

It was a murder
Jake just hit the corner people swarming
Three in the morning I jumped out my cab like "Fuck,
Niggas is buck," mega bloodshed, the tapes red
I heard some bird whisper, "Yo he should have ducked"
I puffed the lilla, just before I hit the scene for rilla
I'm all high it's late I'm looking down at the fella
Shit's pushed in, ambulance placed him on some cushion
His mom's had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk
It hurt, kind of took it as a brief reminder
That the street's designed to stop your life, plot
The beast in time yeah, cell to cell suspect ass nigga you fell
First time locked in crime stop my mind blocks the frail
Bursting blasting at your forty cal shell, split your dry cell
My niggas never snitch why tell
We roll with no regrets, destiny's, fifty's and equities
Queens'll be the death of me

To the suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)

To the suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)

Dear God, I want the riches, money hungry bitches infested
Giving the jealous niggas sickness, the witness
My crew dresses, in vest-es, feel the essence
Try to test this, scientist, able and reckless
Slaughter, Nautica'd down, frames look petite
Ten millis, mix designed just for my physique
I keep a low pro as if I owe, bless the flow lovely
My pants hang low while I'm dancing, sipping the bubbly
Hey, me no worry, hashish keep my eyes Chinese
Rollin two Phillies together make blunts Siamese
I meant it, I represent it, descendant made of
Early natives that were captured and taught to think backwards
Trapped us in a cracker psychiatric, it's massive
A Million Man March, alert the masses
Ten glocks, Armani in small print, upon my glasses
Don assassins, Armageddon, the wettin'
Never freaking the beast, seven heads, got the righteous threatened
Life Was Written, the plot curves behind the settin'
Comprehend the grammar, Manfrione, are you the type of nigga
To shoot a leg to get your name known?  I flip the brain tome
Niggas get hit and wrap the plastic
The mic I strike in vain giving the pain of what a Mack is
What you with?  Luchi or drama, no sleep means insomnia
No need to check the clock, the streets are timing you

To the suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)

It justifies, Nas Escobar's leaving shit mesmerized
Mega live, like the third world
Decipher my deceiver make him a believer
Spitting Jim stars, words in my mic type receiver
Bond is my life so I live by my word
Never fraudulent Queens bridge don't make no herbs
Spread my name to deacons, politicians while they speaking
Rebel to America civilization caught you sleeping

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"

Yo, I never brag, how real I keep it, cause it's the best secret
I rock a vest, prestigious, Cuban link flooded Jesus
In a Lex watching Kathie Lee and Regis
My actions are one with the seasons
A tec squeezing executioner, winter time I rock a fur
Mega popular, center of attraction
Climaxing, my bitches they be laughing
They high from sniffing coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson
City lights spark a New York night
Rossi and Martini sipping, Sergio Tachinni flippin mad pies
Low price, I blow dice and throw em
Forty-five by my scrotum, manifest the "Do or Die" slogan
My niggas roll in ten M3's
Twenty Gods popping wheelies on Kawasaki's
Hip-Hop's got me on some ol', spraying shots like a drum roll
Blanking out and never miscount the shells my gun hold
I don't stunt, I regulate
Henny and Sprite, I separate, watching crab niggas marinate
I'm all about tecs and good jooks and sex
Israelite books, holding government names from Ness
MC's are crawling out, every hole in the slum
You be alright like blood money in a pimp's cum

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
For, you wack MC's"

Currency is made in trust of the Messiah
I'm spending it to get higher
Earth, Wind, and Fire singing reasons why I'm
Up early, trustworthy is a nine that bust early
Sunshine on my grill, I spill
Remi on imaginary graves, put my hat on my waves
Latter Day Saints say religious praise
I dolo, challenge any team or solo
You must be bugging out, new to my shit, home on a furlough
Ask around, who's laid up, sharp and straight up
Mafioso, getting niggaz wigs sprayed up
Skies are misty, my life's predicted by a gypsy
I'll one day walk into shots drunk off Champagne from Sicily
This be the drama, I'ma pause like a comma
In a sentence, paragraph's indented
Bloodshot red eyes, high, yellow envelopes of lye
Opening cigars, let tobacco fly
Condos are tune-proof, we're looking out the sky's moon-roof
Shitting like gin and prune juice
Yo the system wants the coon's noose, hang em high
Courtrooms filled up, it's off the hook while I
Just wrote a statement, like I'm facing twenty years
In the basement, chilling on the via with Mumia
For wearing chrome, I told the judge snakes slither
Like Sharon Stone, but like Capone I'm thrown (yo)

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
For, you wack MC's"

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
For, you wack MC's"

Yo the time is wasting, I use the mind elevation
Dime sack lacing, court pen pacing
Individual, lyrical math abrasion
Psychic evaluation, the foulest nation
We living in, dangerous lives, mad leak and battered wives
A lifestyle where bad streets is patternized
Wise men build and destroy
While the real McCoy dope-fiend, named Detroit is still dealing boy
Coke suppliers acting biased
Cause rumors say that niggas wear wires and we liars
But every night the gat's fired, and every day a rat's hired
I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani, it's,
Just the killer in me, slash drug dealer MC
Ex-slug filler, semi mug peeler
Demi, bottles of Mo', yo simply follow me flow
Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow
Rough holes for cracked out pussies and butt-holes
Bring the G's and the D's roll, they can't touch those
Why shoot the breeze about it, when you could be about it?
My degrees are routed, toward the peasy haired brick houses
Instead of the fake medallions
Rich niggas transport in thousands
Foreign cash exchange amounting to millions
Doors is locked, rocks is chopped, watch the cameras in the ceilings
Trick bitches catching mad feelings
Peeling off in the Lex Jeep, techniques is four-wheeling
I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch
When we catch them sex niggas with the tecs you blessed, word
So now it's on, never wasted a slug,
Time is money when it comes to mine, take it in blood

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"
For, you wack MC's"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm living like that"

[Nas]
Don't hurt nuttin..

[Chorus]
A teenage thug (you can't tell them shit)
A teenage thug (nigga just chasin his dick)
A teenage thug (he want the world to recognize)
A teenage thug (he's a man now, fuck his size)
A teenage thug (can't stop him, they on the rise)
A teenage thug (the court of law despise)
A teenage thug
[M. Thug] want to fuck and puff lie
A teenage thug

[Nas]
Dreams of bein a doctor will deteriorate
Takin over the underworld was a clearer fate
Luxury cars, a hundred girls at my face
Laced the name brand, had my game plan mapped out

Lost respect for those cracked out
Most of my elders were failures
To the poison that killed Len Bias from bein Celtic
The later I would hang, the greater my slang

It took my english, replaced it with game
Only cared about, sneakers and two-two bullets
Influenced by the hood, wasn't scared to pull it
Dared to do what I would

First blunt they passed me tasted nasty
Then overwhelmed in the spell the blunt had me
Eyes red, pants saggin
My first dime cut me off for braggin

That we was home alone tappin
Experimentin liquors, doin mixes, feelin sicker
Finish the Henn, throw the bottle, hope it hit ya

[Nas]
Blacked out, I can't see shit sober, not the least bit
Hold your head little man, why'all can't tell me shit
Try to knock the pants off shorty, my hair just cut
My Timbs just bought, the chain I sport I floss

Thugs walkin through the block party, hands on my drawers
Poppin cham' corks, posin like the man of New York
Talk to this hottie with my niggaz who quick to blast you
If you old cats, to these niggaz, they harass you

[Millenium Thug]
Hey yo 'cause, growin up, I almost shattered my plans
Some might say, I'm young at heart, but I'm a grown-ass man
Givin food to my fam, damn, remember the first time

A street thug showed me how to pitch dimes
Only twelve in this hell where kids die
I want bricks off the scale and just slide, and let my shit fly
My Range shift by, I peel the road up

With my shirt up, sweatin, with the ice restin on my chest
Wild as a teenage thug

[Chorus]

[Millenium Thug]
Livin and lovin this life, cap peel pump niggaz
And since these thugs is trife, give 'em dap for that
Yo where your mack at? I got mine
Twist weed pop wine shift finds, at the end of the night, it's all fine

Livin and lovin, cash stack cousin
Yo' own fam blitz so quick, put clips through whips
Six type shit let you hold it, ice roll with
Twenty below with gat golden, my hand look swollen

Under my glove shit rocky
Unless somebody in my life try to stop me, get popped papi
A breddern, straight to the head that my medicine

No fam of mine do time, we crime settlin
Deliverancy unbelivable, Na'shon tracks smash people
I chill up in the regal Eagle
And plus it clap happy all of them hoes that's born happy

I rip nappy, nature's to cut the roof off of Caddies
You see me?

[Chorus w/ variations]

[Nas]
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin

Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin
Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin
Don't hurt nuttin..

I would give up everything
Before I'd separate myself from you
After so much suffering
I finally found unvarnished truth
I was all by myself for the longest time
So cold inside
And the hurt from the heartache would not subside
I felt like dying
Until you saved my life

Thank God I found you (Yeah yeah)
I was lost without you (I was lost)
My every wish and every dream
Somehow became reality
When you brought the sunlight
Completed my whole life
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude
'Cause baby I'm so thankful I found you

I will give you everything (Everything)
There's nothing in this world I wouldn't do (Oh no)
To ensure your happiness
I'll cherish every part of you
'Cause without you beside me I can't survive
Don't wanna try (I don't wanna try)
If you keeping me warm each and every night
I'll be alright
'Cause I need you in my life

Thank God I found you (I'm thanking you)
I was lost without you (So lost without you)
My every wish and every dream (Every wish, every dream)
Somehow became reality
When you brought the sunlight (Brought the sunlight)
Completed my whole life (Completed)
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude (Overwhelmed with gratitude)
'Cause baby I'm so thankful I found you

See I was so desolate before you came to me
Looking back (Looking back)
I guess it shows that we were destined
To shine over the rain to appreciate
The gift of what we have
And I'd go through it all over again
To be able to feel
This way (This way)
Oh, thank God I found you (Yeah yeah)
I was lost without you (Lost without you baby)
My every wish and every dream (And every dream)
Somehow became reality

When you brought the sunlight (Brought the light)
Completed my whole life (My whole life)
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude
See baby I'm so thankful I found you
Oh, thank God I found you
I was lost without you
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude (So overwhelmed)
My baby I'm so thankful I found
You, you
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude
My baby I'm so thankful I found (I found you)
You

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

Y'all can keep y'all weak beats, from your corny producers
There's a new king of the streets, you're gonna get used to
I was the old king of the streets, that y'all once hated
But now I reinvented myself, and y'all all waited
Nas, N.A.S. mean Niggas Against Society
Noisy I aim not silently, noose all surroundin' me
I hang 'em I string 'em up ain't no thing I just drop 'em
To which doctor you copped and you locked and it ain't what it was
I changed it up from that pop shit it's hard to see R&B;
Rappers arguably, started fuckin' up the game horribly
Cause, I parted the sea, then these novices targeted me
Bitches infatuated say they love me lyin to me
What I've discovered is my brother's tryin' to be
The next me, yeah I support him but he's blinded I see
Jealousy he love me to death am I buggin' I love him for life
We both still mournin' on our mother's, life
And I don't need much but a Dutch, a bitch to fuck
A six, a truck, some guns to bust
I wish it was that simple, the last emperor, hit yo' ass
With the Nasty Nas, diary, get out my path

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

I can't keep a bitch cause none of them come up for a little less
I can't be too rich, too many hoes, lined up for sex
I can't rest until my niggas in houses with pretty maids
Water and flowers in 'em
While my niggas walk around in they trousers grinnin'
Gotta keep a lot of heat; 30 cals 10 millimeters
40 cals plus the heckler, to set y'all straight
You too light? I shoot your freckles out
You too dark? The infrared show you what the tech about
Huh? I'm stressin' out, need more offices for bosses
Secretaries and meetings with big sharks, who mad greedy
We can sell mo', boats on the coast
Give, coats to the po' and give, hope to the broke then live low
But that ain't reality, I look happy but under the sky
You see a nigga who know, out of three women 2 out of 3
Will love you but lead you to they own, hidden evil
Bitch! You the reason niggas be beefin', hoe get on
'Posed to be Earth, ain't worth the pussy that you sit on
From here on, it's a new day
Million dollars ain't, what it was yesterday
Many problems, many niggas, most involved but they fake
Hope y'all relate

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
Had to bring it back to New York
I'm happy that the streets is back in New York
For you rappers, I carry the cross

I carry the cross

Aiyyo God, yo meet me at the Denice Williams concert tonight man
E'rybody there, Stacy Lattisaw, Teena Marie, e'rybody man
Yeah yeah no doubt
I'ma bring one of my baddest stallions man
You do the same aight?
You know how we play baby, listen
I'm at a car wash right now
But I'ma hit you as soon as I'm right over there
 Right in front right? (yeah) Okay, aight gotchu

Son who laced you with the ill haircut?
Lenny, he blessed me with the sharp blade, that nigga's paid
He make a pretty penny
Fo'sho, you hurt 'em with the new Prada's (true)
Check mines they royal blue
My shits is baby blue
They powder blue (yo' shits is hotter)
You hotter with them frames on
Nigga you James Bond, and you stay low
Why'know my style babe bro (yeah, make dough)
Manicure, facial, face glow
Fuck it if you say so; I keep you P.I.!
That's how we break hoes
We throwin' ivory dice across the concrete
And of course that don't make him your man because y'all palm weed
We had boxed bumpin' La-Di-Da-Di (word?)
Shotties was blastin', pellets jumpin' into everybody
They never got me
Was cool with all the park shooters, sparkin' bazookas
Sharpen your tutors, cause we don't pardon the snoozers
Yo son I wouldn't change my life for nuttin'
And that ain't like you for frontin'
Who's the nicest? (Nuff talkin', light somethin')

[Chorus: ]
Yo we hard hit, just like Comacho and Vargas
Who's the target? Now watch how we close the market
We both hard hit, just like Hagler and Hearns
Add the math, be concerned, if it's beef you burn
Yo it's sorta like, Poitier and Bill Cosby
'Let's Do It Again,' a beautiful blend, let's do it to win
My nigga - my nigga - my niggaz - my niggaz
My niggaz - my niggaz - uhh..

What's today's mathematics?
We had it, we let 'em hold it, we shoulda sold it
We back it, we could grabbed it
But fuck it, just let 'em have it
Humduallah
Allah you akbar
God is the greatest
Planet Mars, we carvin' the faces
You couldn't catch us in a car without the bangers
Believe, I touched a couple of movie stars and entertainers
Indeed, one in particular, almost started to name her (ha ha)
I was there when you first pushed up and started to game her
Been a long journey, certain shit just don't concern me
They ain't hurtin' shit; we flip, they hire attorneys
Yo I'ma stay custom, 'til I'm old grey and rustin'
Reminiscin' the number of chickens that claim we fucked 'em
Bet some badda hoes than them other funky rappers chose
I'm tryin' to wife a chick, light a spliff (okay)
This might be like another part to "Life's a Bitch"
Write ya lips, who's nice as this? We righteousness
No mic assists, it's murderous - granted the right to flip

[Chorus: Repeat 2X] 

Like, Spinks and Hearns..
Sorta.. Poitier and Bill Cosby
'Let's Do it Again,' nigga..

Geah

Peace king

Peace king

Listen, if they wrote a book on your life

Right

You think anybody'll read it?

No fucking doubt!

Let's make history homey

Alright then

You know we brought the hoes clothes and money rolls to the table

No, fucking, doubt

It's time to manifest this

Shit we the flyest nigga

Bring it to a whole, y'know?

Gangsta nigga

Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold
Pinky rings shining, so act like why'don't know
Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough
We the flyest gangsters
What you don't got is my natural glow
Counting out stacks and macking out hoes
Pushing big dicks and packing our chrome
We the flyiest gangsters

Follow, I'm like a Lamborghini green Diablo
Coupe VT, it's like DVD when I flow
Feel me, I'm loved like the great late Malik Sealy
The one the player haters hate dearly, but can't near me
Homicide can't scare me
I o-bide by the laws of these streets sincerely, a real nigga
The type that can build with ya
Verbalize bring life to a still picture, it's God-given
Been blessed with Allah's vision, strength and beauty
Truly my only duty is to dodge prison
Play wit me, I'm modest 'til them strays hit me
Regardless the circumstances I'ma stay filthy
Dough forever, the live stay low forever
And fuck niggas, cause it's hard to keep them close together
One dependent, no wife, one co-defendant
No forms of weakness, I flow with vengeance

Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold
Pinky rings shining, so act like why'don't know
Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough
We the flyest gangsters
What you don't got is my natural glow
Counting out stacks and macking out hoes
Pushing big dicks and packing our chrome
We the flyiest gangsters

I do what I can do when I can do it
Feel how I feel when I feel what I'm feeling
Live how I live it's only cause I been through it
Learn to try it like to eat it and shit it's nothing to it
Burn it light it weed it and off the liquor, while driving outside
I'll never catch a vehicular homicide
My music is a description of my vibe of course
My life, my sites, my thoughts, what I like on my fork
Cause you are what you eat, you eat what you can
You pray to bless the food but first you wash your hands
To wash away them bad spirits, don't bring it in your home
Once you let them in they staying, evil be gone, say it
I'm proud I'm ace but giving himself to the Lord
Wanted his Faith, think about Big anymore
Of course my nigga Horse got married, see shit is changing
We ain't these little niggas no more, running dangerous
I like to bone, I'm a peaceful brother
Eat up so much the girls call me seafood lover
Be having they legs shaking, stab 'em, break 'em
I'm Hercules Hercules when having relations, the fliest

Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold
Pinky rings shining, so act like why'don't know
Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough
We the flyest gangsters
What you don't got is my natural glow
Counting out stacks and macking out hoes
Pushing big dicks and packing our chrome
We the flyiest gangsters

We put this on the, soul of our born

As we hold the Qu'ran

Kamikaze style

Older cats coachin us on

Yo it's kill or be killed

Understand, real'll be real

A forty-shot spectrum make your whole embassy kneel

Identity sealed, protected by

Our energy shield

And fuck a drop, cause that's that shit that got Kennedy killed

Close the books

Was taught never expose a crook

Between the knight and the bishop

Want to knock ya rook, I'm a rare breed never had a fair to lead

I ain't light niggas recite

Too impaired to breathe

We both hard hit just like Camacho and Vargas, who's the target?

Now watch how we close the market, motherfuckers

Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold
Pinky rings shining, so act like why'don't know
Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough
We the flyest gangsters
What you don't got is my natural glow
Counting out stacks and macking out hoes
Pushing big dicks and packing our chrome
We the flyiest gangsters

Niggas better watch ya back, it's so cold
Pinky rings shining, so act like why'don't know
Bitches in heat for niggas that got dough
We the flyest gangsters
What you don't got is my natural glow
Counting out stacks and macking out hoes
Pushing big dicks and packing our chrome
We the flyiest gangsters

The G-O-D
Aiyyo, check it out...It's God's Son
I know I always give you clowns a little lean to come out
Cause I drop every two years...but it's over now, you know? Hah

[Chorus]
The G-O-D S-O-N
K-I-N-G O-F N-why-see
That's me [x4]

[Hook]
Is it because I got the city on smash now
Oh woe woe
Or is it because your time's up and it's a wrap now
Hey hey hey hey

[Verse 1]
In the papers you read that Nas is crazy
Lost his mind as he leavin Sony
The INC got him signed
It's only a figment of your imagination
Went to way with New York's Hot radio station
Lost my patience, had to zone out
Rappers blown out, I have the throne now
The real shall reign, I feel your pain
You R&B;, follow me, spell my name

[Chorus]

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
God's Son across the belly
Pardon, I'm hardly a bully
But what y'all done to hip hop is scary
Nas'll be truly the, last soldier to roll with
Holdin it down, my proteges are over with now
A producer like Swizz Beats, on fire
So is the control room, soon as my vocals are down
Nas - God's Son, and y'all my little children
So bounce with it, if you can pronounce the correct spellin

[Chorus x1]

Tell me
Just what you want me to be
One kiss
And boom you're the only one for me
So please tell me
Why don't you come around no more?
Cause right now
I'm crying outside the door of your candy store

It just takes a little bit of this, a little bit of that
It started with a kiss
Now we're up to bat
A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain
I'm telling you my babe
It's all in the game of?

Love is
Whatever you make it to be
Sunshine
Instead of this cold lonely sea
So please baby
Try and use me for what I'm good for
It ain't saying goodbye
It's knocking down the door of your candy store

It just takes a little bit of this, a little bit of that
It started with a kiss
Now we're up to bat
A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain
I'm telling you my babe
It's all in the game of love
It's all in this game of love

You roll me
Control me
Console me
Please hold me
You guide me
Divide me
Into me
 
So please tell me
Why don't you come around no more?
Cause right now 
I'm dying outside the door of your loving store

It just take a little bit of this, a little bit of that
It started with a kiss
Now we're up to bat
A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain
I'm telling you my babe
It's all in the game of love
It's all in the game of love
It's all in this game of love
Let's play the game of love

Roll me
Console me
Please hold me
I'm out here on my own
On my own

And you're sitting at home doing this shit?
You should be earning a medal for this
Stop fucking around and be a man
There ain't nothing out here for you

Oh yes there is, this!

Yo Nas
Yo what the fuck is this bullshit on the radio Son?

Chill chill, that's the shit God, chill

Hey yo yo, pull down the shade, man.  Let's count this money, nigga
Hey yo Nas, put the Jackson's and the Grants over there
You know what I'm sayin?  Cause we spending the Jackson's

You know how we get down baby

True, true

Nas, yo Nas, man shit is mad real right now in the Projects
For a nigga yo, word to mother.  All them crab ass rappers
Be coming up to me man word to mother man I think we need
To let them niggas know it's real man

True indeed, know what I'm saying, but when it's real you doing this
Even without a record contract, know what I'm saying?

No question

Been doing this since back then

I'm saying regardless how it go down we gon keep it real
We trying to see many mansions and, and Coupes kid!

True, true

Hey yo where's Grand Wizard and Mayo at man?
Taking niggas a long time, man

Who got the Phillies?  Take this Hennessey

Aiyyo Dunn!  C'mon, C'mon, man stop waving that man
Stop pointing that at me Dunn, take the clip out

Nigga alright but take this Hennessey man

I'm saying take the clip man
C'mon, take it out

Light them Phillies up man
Niggas stop fucking burning Phillies man
Light some Phillies up then!

Pass that Amber Boch, nigga! Act like you know.

Yo, we drinking this straight up with no chaser
I ain't fucking with you nigga

I'm saying though man

What is it, what is it baby?

What is it Son, what is it?

You know what time it is

I'm saying man, ya know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't listen man, representing
It's Illmatic

Tall and tanned and young and lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes
Each man she passes
Goes Aaah!

When she moves it's like a samba
That swings so cool and sways so gently
That when she passes
Each man she passes
Goes Aaah!

Oh but he watches so sadly
How can he tell her he loves her
He would just give his heart gladly

But each day when she walks to the sea
She looks straight ahead not at he

Tall and tanned and young and lovely
The girl from Ipanema goes walking
And when she passes
He smiles
But she doesn't see
No she doesn't see
She just doesn't see

We gotta get it
They hated Esco
They hated Escobar
I'm still here
Dave East talk that talk
Streets need that
NYC, L.A., Chicago, Detroit, the whole world
Lets get it

I had a basic plan, get out the projects and never look back
Could still smell the aroma from when my uncle would cook crack
One conversation between homies, better yet brothers
That used to spend the night with each other
They moms was best friends
One name was Anthony, the hood called 'em Ant Live
Kept his pistol on 'em, so he bought a bigger pant size
He got a little colder the moment he watched his man die
That was ten years ago
Baby-face, wishing that his beard would grow
Now he throw a set up anywhere he go
He just a product of his environment
Told me he'd rather die than ever go to Rikers again
Did a bid, his celly was blood, he studied five percent
Came home, like let niggas see me, I'll never ride with tint
Cory was his right-hand man, his mother up North
She was busting checks with the wrong nigga
He popped Xannys and he just want him some strong liquor
Lose the attitude, he miserable
For years he tried to get a lick or two
Moms begging he finish school, but non-sense he get into
Ant' met Cory when they was kids with innocence
Ant' hated his dad around 'cause that nigga was militant
Cory found a hoe to pass, some cash, they could triple it
Double it, stack it up, Cory ain't never want to spend
Ant' was blowing money fast, big Meeching when he shopped
Flashy nigga, body wrapped in diamonds, necklace, and the watch

They hated Jesus, hated Malcolm, hated Martin
(They gon' hate) Eight niggas living in a two-bedroom apartment
No lights up in the crib, I guess I came up out the darkness
Mood change when I spark it, new Range, now I park it
They hated Jesus, hated Malcolm, hated Martin
(They gon' hate) Eight niggas living in a two-bedroom apartment
No lights up in the crib, I guess I came up out the darkness
Mood change when I spark it, new Range, now I park it

Ant' and Cory set up a trap, fiends in and out of that
No mask, stocking cap, they robbed him, but he got it back
Six in the morning with baggies on him was a way of life
Streets will teach you quick, ain't nothing free, pay the price
Eviction notice in the kitchen, your bitch will stay the night
Cory had the sour with him, Ant' fuck with 'yola
Got kicked out his moms crib, she found a couple boulders
Locked up with killers up North, he rubbed a couple shoulders
Cory told Ant' on the V I the block was changing
Ant' told Cory be grateful, freedoms' amazing
Three and half light bid, Ant' stayed in drama
He was light skinned, outside before you niggas was typing
No MySpace
Cory and Ant' had butter rockin'
The other younger niggas from the block, just loved to watch him
Couple haters, but nothing major, they knew the streets
Niggas caught Cory, made him take off that new Philippe
Cory took it on the chin, he wasn't new to beef
Killers kill you for talking, all you gotta do is speak
Thats a man down, Ant' told Cory have the fam 'round
And keep on shitting on niggas until your pants brown
They hustle low, so much evidence that can't found
Cory got nervous whenever they spun that Van 'round
They snatched him and he talked about the way he got it
Broke the code, that was snitchin', it ain't no way around it

They hated Jesus, hated Malcolm, hated Martin
(They gon' hate) Eight niggas living in a two-bedroom apartment
No lights up in the crib, I guess I came up out the darkness
Mood change when I spark it, new Range, now I park it
They hated Jesus, hated Malcolm, hated Martin
(They gon' hate) Eight niggas living in a two-bedroom apartment
No lights up in the crib, I guess I came up out the darkness
Mood change when I spark it, new Range, now I park it

Ayo' East
It's your man, Nas Esco'
Keep doin' what you do
Peace be on to you my young brother
Young king

I know you think you got it together player but fuck the bird
You with and listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch
Listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch there's always
One thing wrong and you wish that you could switch or fix
While you shapin' every curve and hips, you heard of this?
The makings of a perfect bitch

A ghoul at night, I role like Jack the Ripper trying to choose my wife
I need a ass of a stripper, fat lipper mad niggaz in this one predicament
You try to choose a loyal one and stick with it, my stupid dick again
Searching for something to jump and then start humpin'
Convincing me that the history of a woman is about
Leaving a nigga with nothing so my experiences taught me
How to come up with a plan to make a right one for the man

A toy for the boy, the one that righteously will understand
And since I can't find her I guess I gotta make her I creep in the night
Like a kinky undertaker I think I'm on a caper to abduct a nerd
From the Ivy League, next stop at the strip club snatch a bad one
And flee what's next, I'm stakin' out a five star restaurant
To kidnap the chef, say goodbye to the stress

I know you think you got it together player but fuck the bird
You with and listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch
Listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch there's always
One thing wrong and you wish that you could switch or fix
While you shapin' every curve and hips, you heard of this?
The makings of a perfect bitch

I stitch 'em together then I kiss 'em forever these surgical gloves
Are made of love, couldn't be better four cycles of blood
Child birth first menstrual cycle, last menstrual cycle then death
That's four, so I guess rebirth is the fifth put 'em together
That's a genius, a slut and a chef holdin' the scalpel
While cutting the flesh heavy bleeding, so I need suction
It's such a mess if she survives she'll be sucking me next

Dark nipples on her D-cup breasts so I could titty fuck
While she do my taxes for the IRS so I could just relax, shit
By now I'm blessed I'm her daddy I'm her Messiah, I'm God
'Cause I injected obedience and loyalty in her heart
Know you mad 'cause you with a bitch that nag you to death
I smack mine on the ass and she breathe her first breath

I know you think you got it together player but fuck the bird
You with and listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch
Listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch there's always
One thing wrong and you wish that you could switch or fix
While you shapin' every curve and hips, you heard of this?
The makings of a perfect bitch

Gimme Sade's mystique, she gotta know her way in the streets
Like Billie Holiday in Harlem body from Ketoi Johnson
And Kenya Moore and Apple Bottoms Maya Angelou's brain
And some groove from Terry McMillan them Angelina Jolie lips
Angela Davis, Sista Souljah's wit helping me load clips

Some words form a pimp was, "Nas, it just don't exist"
But homes is twisted, a home ain't a home without, without the misses
All the girls that I named are queens, no disrespect
But I need me someone to disappear, reappear like I dream of Jeannie
Whenever I want, I think I met her, it's on, forever I'll flaunt

I know you think you got it together player but fuck the bird
You with and listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch
Listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch there's always
One thing wrong and you wish that you could switch or fix
While you shapin' every curve and hips, you heard of this?
The makings of a perfect bitch

Fake thug, no love, you get the slug, CB4 Gusto
Your luck low, I didn't know til I was drunk though
You freak niggas played out, get fucked and ate out
Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out
96 ways I made out, Montana way
The Good-F-E-L-L-A, verbal AK spray
Dipped attache, jumped out the Range, empty out the ashtray
A glass of 'ze make a man Cassius Clay
Red dot plots, murder schemes, thirty-two shotguns
Regulate wit my Dunn's, 17 rocks gleam from one ring
Yo let me let y'all niggas know one thing
There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King
The highlights of living, Vegas style roll dice in linen
Antera spinning on Milleniums, twenty G bets I'm winning them
Threats I'm sending them, Lex with TV sets the minimum
Ill sex adrenaline
Party with villains, a case of Demi-Sec to chase the Henny
Wet any clique, with the semi-tech who want it
Diamonds I flaunt it, chicken-heads flock I lace em
Fried broiled with basil, taste em, crack the legs
Way out of formation, it's horizontal how I have em
Fucking me in the Benz wagon
Can it be Vanity from Last Dragon
Grab your gun it's on though
Shit is grimy, real niggas buck in broad daylight
With the broke Mac it won't spray right
Don't give a fuck who they hit, as long as the drama's lit
Yo, overnight thugs, bug cause they ain't promised shit
Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shit

"I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death"
"I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testing"
"I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death"
"I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testing"
"I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death"
"I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testing"
"I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death"
"I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testing"

I peeped you fronting, I was in the Jeep
Sunk in the seat, tinted with heat, beats bumpint
Across the street you was wilding
Talking bout how you ran the Island in eighty-nine
Laying up, playing the yard with crazy shine
I cocked a baby 9 that nigga grave be mine, clanked him
What was he thinking on my corner when it's pay me time
Dug em you owe me cousin something told me plug him
So dumb, felt my leg burn, then it got numb
Spun around and shot one, heard shots and dropped son
Caught a hot one, somebody take this biscuit 'fore the cops come
Then they came asking me my name, what the fuck
I got stitched up and went through
Left the hospital that same night, what
Got my gat back, time to backtrack
I had to drop so how the fuck I get clapped
Black was in the Jeep watching all these scenes speed by
It was a brown Datsun, and yo nobody in my hood got one
That clown nigga's through, blazing at his crew daily
The 'Bridge touched me up severely hear me?
So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours
Be lighting L's sipping Coors, on all floors in project halls
Contemplating war niggas I was cool with before
We used to score together, Uptown copping the raw
But uhh, a thug changes, and love changes
And best friends become strangers, word up

"Y'all know my steelo"
"There ain't an army that could strike back"
"Y'all know my steelo"
"There ain't an army that could strike back"
"Y'all know my steelo"
"There ain't an army that could strike back"
"Y'all know my steelo"
"There ain't an army that could strike back"

[Ashanti]
(There's no me)
In the beginnin'
When no one else was around
You were there
(Don't you know that I would never...)
And now, that everything is good
You gotta know
I'll ride out wit'chu
Foreva

[Verse 1: Ashanti]
I neva thought that I could finally stay
That always got me comin' back again
Somethin' about the way you move
Ya got me hooked on you, no matta what I do
I neva felt this way for anotha
It's feelin' kinda strange but I love it
You gotta know that I will neva leave
You did that thang to me
And you will where I be

[Chorus: Ashanti]
There's no me, without you
I can't be, without you
Don't you know that I will never leave, leavin' you
All I need, need is you

[Verse 2: Ashanti]
You're always there to make me feel so right
You got me thinkin' bout you day and night
Thinkin' bout how my life is now
How you make me smile, and I love your style
We've been togetha through thick and thin
Whateva troubles you're in, I'm in
You gotta know that I would neva leave
You did that thang to me
And you will where I be
What you've done to me
You know that I can't see, myself
Livin' without you
Bein' without you
Breathin' without you baby
What you've done to me
You know that I can't see, myself
Livin' without you
Bein' without you
Breathin' without you baby

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Caddillac Tah (Ashanti)]
Yeah, now it don't matta if you hatin' us more
We gon' get that dough
Tha camp is strong
Can't do nuttin' else but flow
I chant this cause
I'm lettin' you all know
(It's Murda, murda) Yeah
Now you know I'ma put my life on the line for yours
Pullin' nine out the drawer
Strap up when it's time for war
Stack up, every penny money over these broads
Back up, against the wall in the right or wrong
I pledge allegiance to I-N-see, it's the clique
Until I die I'ma ride for my niggas, through thick
And thin, playa and we playin' to win
Steady ballin', soarin', long diggin' these broads in
Now my brothas keep my slugs a street and pluggin' heat
Ya fuckin' wit ma family so undastand be	
There's no me without them, all we got is us
Me and Ashanti tearin' it up
Nigga what

[Chorus: x 2]

[Verse 4: Ashanti]
Murder I-N-see
You know that I can't see, myself
Livin' without you
Bein' without you
Breathin' without you baby
What you've done to me
You know that I can't see, myself
Livin' without you
Bein' without you
Breathin' without you baby
Murder I-N-see

[Caddillac Tah]
(Laughing)
Murder INC
Yeah
My nigga says
And my princess
Ashanti
We got eachotha ya'll
Nowhere

What's happenin' brothers and sisters?
Welcome to our time

Afro-Angels hide my weapons in tangles
Black Star Spangled, fragile like hematite with the East oils I write
In spite the lack of sunlight, got my battle boots tight
Now that the government's gone, can't tell your left from your right
We the assassins laughin while the New World's collapsin
Mother Earth's ribs crashed in, armored carways I'm blastin
As the Earth rebels now womb swells
The birth of Black Magic, savin my people force of habit
You can't find if you ain't never had it
Spiritually crafted blackness and hair-twisted ghetto embargo lifted
Power-shiftin comb-fistin I predict Goddesses you runnin after witches
I kiss my fourteen stitches
Keep all my baby girl wishes
I predict all the oceans turn dry
Not one baby girl will cry as you attempt to grow broccoli from the desert
We will take our pregnant bodies, drink from underground rivers
Wash your face between our legs
While recreating humanity, we will summon yem and yaw
Search for our fertility, ban all pink and yellow pills
Ban all pink and yellow pills
I predict killing fields of ghetto armpatch anti-Hatch
Hate groups will be bombed
Childbirth becomes outlawed
Always will be branded numbered and barred
All paper money is gone
Though few scholars can interpret our scrolls
Your sky has holes
We know the young is old
Nostradamus tell us how the story gets told

Q.B. since 1933
To nine-six nine-six motherfucker
Check the shit

Nine-six, Escobar 600

Check the shit
My mindset, son got wet
I'm vexed really
They snatched off his Rolex, smacked his bitch silly
Why niggas acting illy word to Will he bout to feel it
I feel it, he shoulda been dealt with it
Them niggas sour they put to much flour in their coke
And got the nerve to wonder why they're broke
While we was gleaming, niggas was scheming
Seen the ill Beamers beaming
Triple-beam and doubling cream, had em fiending
To get they fingers on the dosa, I called Sosa
Sosa these niggas hit the God bring the toaster
Meet me in the Bridge I'm bout to go loca
Left my rat beggin me to stay and stroke her
He came through with two fly bitches, Venus and Vicious
With two macs inside the Volvo, what up God, I'm still sober
I need some Henn to bend me over
My nigga Hav gotta soldier
It's getting down, it's going down kid
I heard he might not live, I'm holding back tears
Told these broads to put it in gear
With two females that don't smile digging they style yo
Whattup son, these niggas done started something wild
You know the clique well, Ramel with the gold in his grill
Tried to get a name holding the steel
I paid attention to the females
Maintained bitches when it get real
Sos' pulled me close and told me the deal
He said both hoes'll peel
Spray shots and reload and still handle the wheel
Point em out smoke a Phil' then chill
I layed back Escobar status, knowing The Firm got it cornered
We on it, shit we was born with

Spark the lye, QBC yo it's do or die
In this, business and trifeness
I finesse this, for R.D., we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit
Dangerous sons, step back let the tech lift
Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up
Spark the lye, QBC yo it's do or die
In this, business and trifeness
We finesse this, for RD, we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect with
Dangerous sons, step back let the tech lift
Lift you up, bless you wit a shorty then we set you up

Hold it right there pull over
That nigga right there inside the Rover
I knew he'd be right here, I told you
Let's get him now, look at him smile, ice Bulova
Polo pullover, big links and rocking boulders
He's stunting, after he left my man like that
Without a fair chance to fight back, but I'll be right back
He never seen us, Sos' gave the mac to Venus
And Vicious, lookin delicious, handle yo' bidness
And step to him, shake your ass try to screw him
Do what ya gotta do to get to him
A tight parasuco, with young faces
Can turn niggas Buttafuco, of all ages, they was amused
By the way they walked, way they talked
Only if they knew these girls'd spray New York
If they had to, heard him ask Venus, could I have you
He jumped out a Jeep, heard her tell him don't grab boo
They started chatting, was only bout a minute, flat when
They jumped in the back of the Jeep laughing
We followed them pollying, he thought the hoes were Somalian
Probably wanted to hit the Holiday Inn
I grabbed the phone and called the Mobb and them
We layed low about a hour or so these bitches movin too slow
We both holding, what if them wild hoes started folding
Sosa, said say no more, we started rolling
Before we got in they must have shot him, security wildin
There the girls go, hurry up we out in
The 940, me Sosa and two shorties
The punk niggas got murdered in the orgy

Spark the lye, QBC yo it's do or die
In this, business and trifeness
I finesse this, for R.D., we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit
Dangerous sons, step back let the tech lift
Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up

QBC, QueensBridge motherfucker
Roping niggas up
Cause our clique is thick
Another day another dollar
More money, more murder
Fuck this shit, Q.B. up in the house

We got that green stuff, Big Tite
Lil Flip the Leprechaun, Slim Thug the Boss Hogg
Fin to put it all in why'all face

I got too much money, too much cash
I bought a new Lac and put it on chrome, without touching my stash
Like Lil Flip I can do that, Excursion candy blue tha?
Twenty two that, pounds of dro I done blew that
You should of knew that, the Slim Thug gon' shine
My ear rings cost a dime, I read Rolex Times
I'm top of the line, you can tell when I open my mouth
I bet nobody got mo' princess cut teeth, than the Boss
Open your mouth up you lost, I'm blinding these boys
I'm joining rocks in your blocks, in candy blue toys
Talking noise, 'cause I ain't old enough to drank
But I got mo' cash to last, than your daddy in the bank
I'm top rank, Slim Thug gon' talk the talk
Walk the walk, we can bet ball for ball
We some paid young G's, with too much cash
Too much flow and do', talking too much trash ha

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
Too much money, too much cash
All why'all haters, can kiss our ass
We got too much money, too much cash
All why'all haters, can kiss our ass

Too much money is what I got, like Scarface I rap a lot
S-Type Jag straight off the lot, believe me dog I'm really hot
I'm swanging four's and thinking thoed, banging hoes and changing clothes
Smoking dro and doing shows, paper stack can never fold
I bought the car and I bought the house, I represent the Dirty South
Got more syrup than Waffle House, run through hoes like Marshall Faulk
I talk the talk and walk the walk, 'cause nigga I'm a G
Lil Flip is who I be, I know your gal know me
'Cause I wear a Roley, that look like a snowman
And I push a Jag, you just gotta see it man
I'm sitting on Dubs, kinda like a blank tape
You see them rocks in my teeth, ain't none of em fake
Give me a break, you think I'm lying or something
I'm at the mall with your hoe, and she buying me something
I'm a young pimp, with a whole lot of cash
And why'all haters, why'all can kiss our ass

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

I got too much M-O-N-E-why
Anything I S-E-E, I be	-you-why
Pull a Bentley off the lot, and ran that thang in the wall
We throw Crys in the air laugh, and watch it fall
Watch me ball, as the Dub spin like a top
I got crunk when I stopped, and made my pop trunk wop
Girls bop, automatic cause I'm top of the line
I cut my beep past six, and I raise the top of your spine
I'ma shine, Sucka Free, Boss Hogg in a row
You can catch me fresh and braided, or rugged and fro
You see the Spre's on the car, I bet you my people like the rock
When girls see Tite, Flip and Slim they say... pulling cameras out
Damn I'm hot, when I hit the club I'm bound to line to the bar
And for the first hundred people, I'm insuring they car
Attracting your star, cause nigga my piece attracting your car
We got too much green, and that's real by far

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
It's yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

I sip the Dom P, watching "Gandhi" 'til I'm charged
Then writing in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme: play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin' time like
"Pappy" Mason, with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timb's on my feets makes my cipher complete
Whether crusing in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me falling asleep
I keep falling, but never falling six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (say what?)
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me

Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
It's yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

To my man Ill Will, God bless your life (it's yours!)
To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
I trip, we box up crazy bitches
Aiming guns at all my baby pictures
Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money-getting style, rolling foul
The versatile, honey-sticking wild golden child
Dwelling in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
There's no days, for broke days we sell it: smoke pays
While all the old folks pray to Jesus, soaking their sins in trays
Of holy water. Odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinking a word best describing my life to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star, will be my resurrection
Born in correction. All the wrong shit I did, he'll lead a right direction
"How you living?" Large, a broker charge - cards are mediocre
You flipping coke or playing spit spades and strip poker?

Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
It's yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
(The world is yours, the world is yours)
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturing my peeps, now the income make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana, stabbing women like the Phantom
The crew is lamping, Big Willie-style
Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash through the flock wools, burning dollars to light my stove
Walk the blocks with a bop, checking dames, plus the games
People play, bust the problems of the world today

[Nas] 
"This ain't for everybody.  y'all know who y'all are
Yeah you, y'all know who y'all are.  These are our
Heroes."

[Chorus: Nas]
Let's hear it, one for the coons on UPN 9 and WB
Who 'Yes Massa' on TV, what ever happened to Wheezy? The Red Fox's?
Never got Emmy's but were real to me
Let's hear it, two for the spooks who do cartwheels
'Cause they said they played they parts well
Now they claim caviar, hate that oxtail
Lambda Sigma Phi badge on lapel
Whitey always tell him, "Ooh, he speak so well"
Are you the one we look to, the decent Negro?
The acceptable Negro, hell nah
But they say, "These are our heroes"

[Nas]
Uh, Massa used to breed us to be bigger to go play
Athletes of today in the NBA, make me proud
But there's somethin' they don't say
Keep gettin' accused for abusin' White pussy
From OJ to Kobe, uh let's call him Tobe
First he played his life cool just like Michael
Now he rock ice too just like I do
Yo, you can't do better than that?
The hotel clerk who adjusts the bathroom mat?
Now you lose sponsorships that you thought had your back
Yeah, you beat the rap jiggaboo, fake nigga you
You turn around then you shit on Shaq
Who woulda knew, Mr. Goodie-Two-Shoes
He love a little butt crack, got enough cash
Little kids with they bus pass who look up to you
To do something for the youth, stupid spoof
But you let them use you as an example
They would rep, but our heroes got they hands full

[Chorus]

[Nas]
You Homey The Clown, bowtie, apple pie, Bo Jangles
But we love Bo Jangles, we know what he came through
But what's your excuse, duke? You talk Black
But your album sound like you give your nuts for a plaque
You don't ride for the facts like um, say Scarface
You don't know what you feel, y'all too safe
Election done came and went, y'all worked so hard for it
Huh, and in the end we all got dicked
These are our heroes, thanks a lot public school systems still rot
Still harassed by cops, snitches on blocks
Selling they peoples out, some real folks with clout
Tavis Smiley, Michael Eric Dyson
Stokely Carmichael, let's try to be like them
Nicky Giovanni poetical black female
Jim Brown to the people who sing well from
Fela to Miriam Makeba
The mirror says you are the next American leader
So don't be, accepting new 'We are the World' records
These pickaninnies get with anything to sell records
Cause it's trendy to be the conscious MC
But next year, who knows what we'll see?
Ha-Ha, these are our heroes

[Chorus]

[Nas] 
"Yeah, I want to give a special shoutout to the -- why'know
The crew doin' they thing out there reppin' us hard
Big up to Tiger Woods. Yeah, ya don't stop.  Big up
To Cuba Gooding Jr. why'know, yeah, why'know.  Tay Diggs
What up my nigga. Yeah, ha-ha.  And you don't quit
And ya don't quit, and ya don't stop and ya don't quit."

[Male Heckler]
"Yeah-Yeah, what you doin' for the hood though
Homie? What you doin' for the hood, man? Look at
All that paper.  Drivin' around like a playboy in
My hood.  What type of shit is that?"

[Nas]
"I'm outta here.  Please, excuse me, 'xcuse me, please
Let me get to my limousine, I'm outta here.  I know, I
Got a plane to catch.  And I love you back.  Haha
Yeah yeah. And I'm outta here. Haha, peace."

[Thug Heckler]
"Come on nigga, give back to the hood.  
Cocky motherfucker!"

[Intro]
One, two
Check, one, two
One, two, who got more style, the son do
{*rewind*}
One, two
Check, one, two
One, two, who got more style, the son do
Check, one, two

[Verse 1]
Yo I'm hot like 95 Fahrenheit
On a summer night, tight spot where bodies rot
Rats drink from water drops, in the streets niggaz
Little kids scared cops, wit bread dots

Philosophical gangsta, where violent priors
Goin' back like black and white TV's wit pliers
Leanin' on broke down cars, wit flat tires
Flash iron, or anybody tryin on the blocks I'm supplyin on

Mighty call, my peeps, tie ballons up
And swallow 'em and the penal got goons, lots of 'em
Cops see them and run, don't want no drama
Certain parts of the streets, the beast don't want a part of

Mortar, hood haunted like the Dakota
Where John Lennon was shot up, but he sang for peace
He begged for freedom, hanged wit wild Jamicians
From Kingston, who drink Irish Moss

Listenin' to Peter Winston, Machintosh
Lightning hits the top of the church steeple
When I'm writin', semi-automatic no hyphen
It's frightening.... {*scratches*}

[Chorus]
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit

[Verse 2]
I take summers off, cause I love winter beef
Started '87, wit the shotty in the sheet
Three-quarter length beige, dressed to kill
Bust a shell at the ground, pellets hit the crowd

Nobody like a snitch, everybody shut they mouth
Rule which car heart, gun powder stains
Smellin' like trees, set some mill on the brain
Skeemin' on ya girls, bamboozled on ya chain

Got ill up on the train, twistin' off a cap
Of a English in my vain, might of pushed you on the tracks
Death crack fiends, who can't speak, scream noises
'Cause you bought a drummer sooked, from one of my boys, it's

.... Just another day in the hood
And I'm, wit some wild brothers, up to no good
We saw the movies, like Tony Montana, and 'em
But our style was let them piled in, we robbin 'em

Money dudes, make 'em come up out they shoes
Run they jewels, word is bond, where my man Nino goin
And I had to make a song, speakin on my old life
For the thief's who come out at night

[Chorus]

[Outro]
One, two
Check, one, two {*echoes*}
One, two
Check, one, two
One, two, who got more style, the son do {*echoes*}
{*explosion*}

Shit, tired of gettin' shot at
Tired of gettin' chased by the police and arrested
niggas need a spot where we can kick it
A spot where we belong, that's just for us
niggas ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
Y'knahmean? Where do niggas go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga
That's why we go to thug mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free and you gotta be a G
At thug mansion

A place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind
So much pressure in this life of mine,
I cry at times I once contemplated suicide,
and woulda' tried but when I held that 9, all I could see was my momma's eyes
No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble
Not knowin' it's hard to carry on when no one loves you
Picture me inside the misery of poverty
No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived
Prayin' hard for better days, promise to hold on
Me and my dawgs ain't have a choice but to roll on
We found a family spot to kick it
Where we can drink liquor store and no one bickers over trick shit
A spot where we can smoke in peace, and even though we G's
We still visualize places, that we can roll in peace
And in my mind's eye I see this place, the players go in fast
I got a spot for us all, so we can ball, at thug's mansion

Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chil'ren, dead homies and family
Sky high, iced out paradise, in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed out mansion in paradise, in the sky

Will I survive all the fights and the darkness?
Trouble sparks, they tell me home is where the heart is, dear departed
I shed tattooed tears and couldn't sleep good
For multiple years, witness peers catch gunshots
Nobody cares, seen the politicians ban us
They'd rather see us locked in chains, please explain
Why they can't stand us, is there a way for me to change?
Or am I just a victim of things I did to maintain?
I need a place to rest my head
With the little bit of homeboys that remains, 'cause all the rest dead
Is there a spot for us to roll, if you find it
I'll be right behind ya, show me and I'll go
How can I be peaceful? I'm comin' from the bottom
Watch my daddy scream peace while the other man shot him
I need a house that's full of love when I need to escape
The deadly places slingin' drugs, in thug's mansion

Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chil'ren, dead homies and family
Sky high, iced out paradise, in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed out mansion in paradise, in the sky

Dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doin' good
Tell the homies I'm in heaven and they ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night,
it had me shook drippin' peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson, and Sam Cooke
Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang sittin' there kickin' it with Malcolm, 'til the day came
Little LaTasha sho' grown tell the lady in the liquor that she's forgiven, so come home
Maybe in time you'll understand only God can save us
When Miles Davis cuttin' lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past
That passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in heaven
So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin'
Remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion

Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chil'ren, dead homies and family
Sky high, iced out paradise, in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed out mansion in paradise, in the sky

Ain't no place I'd rather be
Chil'ren, dead homies and family
Sky high, iced out paradise, in the sky
Ain't no place I'd rather be
Only place that's right for me
Chromed out mansion in paradise, in the sky

Uh, yeah, yeah, yo, it goes tick tock
This is for my niggaz in the bridge, blocks
Comin' through better hide your wrist watch
Because niggaz, well, live they shits pop

Hey, hey, tick tock, this is for my hoes
Make your hips rock
Light a L, baby, let the Crys' pop
Get your tick tock from this hip hop, any day

5-8 with double-X-L, pen saggin' blunts draggin'
But never lived well, imagine, a felon on a two-way street
One way is where blood money coke and homicide leap
The other street opportunity, the chance to live sweet
Think positive k-nowledgement k-cypher complete

So you can be an architect, design apartments and shit
Or you can wind up on a jail bus dirty in clip
Soon as I'm on the set, I'm never on a chick, I play it cool
But still ain't pussy muscles get wet, it's just the booze

Check my niggaz, what's the gossip, what's the word
Puff some herb, all I see is niggaz runnin', chin shots
All I heard, dip behind the car, see somebody on the ground
Ambulance came and got 'em they start calmin' down

Now it's back to the same old shit
You know, the Tarzan and Jane-o shit
In the jungle swingin' on vines
I saw the gat with the same old clip
Another nigga layin' the hit

Bloodied up, screamin', I'm dyin'
I be in Queens where the famous hood rats and ghetto stars are
Pimps do the shuffle at night with slutty bars pah

Tick tock, this is for my niggaz in the bridge, blocks
Comin' through, better hide your wrist watch
Because niggaz, well, live they shits popped

Hey hey, tick tock, this is for my hoes
Make your hips rock
Light a L, baby, let the Crys pop
Get your tick tock from this hip hop, any day

It's like this nigga, it's on, toilet up for me, roll that shit big
While I reveal the story of a wild street kid
Cock your seat back, relax, while I spit
The spittin' image of how I live

Well, first I was hollyin' for years by them old timer clicks
I was like twelve, they was like, blood, listen
"Keep your mouth closed and your eyes and your ears wide open"
Gangsta, I soaked it all in, my first ammo was a one shot

Deuce, deuce, had my pockets full of bullets, I was real loose
Thug parties out in wave crash, always got shot up
Thug parties out in Queens bridge, always got shot up

No wonder we bugged out it gets so frantic
Niggaz aim on the fight, we cut yo melon
Drinkin' that old English Red Bull and Blue Bull
Mean I draggin' with that cheap shit, fuck it, we was broke

Little bad ass, my nigga rap sat me down, like this
He said, "P, you gon' wind up dead
You and Hav' real good with that music shit
You need to stick to it, dunn, get your mind off the street"

And it stuck in the back of my head
Though I still did my little bit of menacin'
Every now and then bang-outs in broad daylight
Like these things really happen
Niggaz get cut up, I put it in my rappin'

It's non fiction, it's the real deal fiscal
It couldn't get more graphic, I'm so trail
I said, it's non fiction it's the real deal fiscal
City you havin', let me touch that ass

So tick tock, this is for my niggaz in the bridge, blocks
Comin' through better hide your wrist watch
Because niggaz well live they shits popped

Hey hey, tick tock, this is for my hoes
Make your hips rock
Light a L, baby, let the Crys pop
Get your tick tock from this hip hop, any day

Tick tock, this is for my niggaz in the bridge, blocks
Comin' through, better hide your wrist watch
Because niggaz well live they shits popped

Hey hey, tick tock, this is for my hoes
Make your hips rock
Light a L, baby, let the Crys pop

Ohh.. Time... 
Time.. 

They say timing... is everything 
But nothing you control 
'Cause there's always tomorrow 
But tomorrow never knows 
It's 1 day at a 

[Chorus:]
Time keeps running away 
No matter what's left behind 
It keeps on moving 
Tomorrow is not in today 
And all of your yesterdays 
Are only a matter of 
Time.. time.. 

And the journey of a lifetime 
Will begin with one step 
When you're climbing up that mountain 
It's so easy to forget 
It's one step at a time 

[Chorus:]
Time keeps running away 
No matter what's left behind 
It keeps on moving 
Tomorrow is not in today 
And all of your yesterdays 
Are only a matter of 
Time 

Keeps running away 
No matter what's left behind 
It keeps on moving 
Tomorrow is not in today 
And all of your yesterdays 
Are only a matter of 
Time 

Oh time oh... 
Whoa.. Oh... Whoa.. Ohh.. Whoa...! 
Hah! Ooooh.. I said now 

[Chorus til end:]
Time keeps running away 
No matter what's left behind 
It keeps on moving 
Tomorrow is not in today 
And all of your yesterdays 
Are only a matter of 
Time

It don't stop 
Can't stop 
Say what? 
Play your parts 
Uh huh  it don't stop 
Nas Esco' 
Say what? Huh  uh huh 
Uh huh  it don't stop 
Uh  uh huh  uh  uh  uh 
It don't stop  what? 
Yea yea  Brave hearts 
Guess what y'all? Check it 

I  splash y'all dudes with gats I use 
Ice dangle off my chest cause my cash improve 
Nice knuckle game, chip-toothed, way of buck and change 
I want the dough, fuck the fame 
Already made history, y'all can have that, that ain't shit to me 
About to have my own ASCAP, and that's that 
And plus a rotisserie, instead of Kenny Rogers 
And Benihana's, y'all can eat, plenty at Nas' 
Buffet of lobsters, dressed in Esco' boxers 
With honies that sex so proper, best flow since Rakim 
Liver, personification of drama 
Describe my, characteristics, murder co-signer 
Some will smoke embalmin fluid and vomit to it 
I'm straight chronic, yo it's atomic how I blew up 
Same ol' G, since I rocked Kangol's, Lee's 
Nothin changed but my bankroll, still jig to the ankles 

[Chorus]
Please, to my niggas 
To my bitches, to my gangsters 
To my riders, to my niggas 
To my bitches, to my niggas 
To my riders, to my gangsters 
To my bitches, to my niggas 
And fly assholes, to my niggas 
To my bitches, Timbaland and Esco' 

Yo, yo, we rippin' tracks, it's like beatin' beats with bats 
Watchin' crews change the views when the heat in they back 
If you hear a click, trust me, you wouldn't hear clack 
If you push it up front, I got no choice, but to pull it back 
Your rhymes don't faze me, I'm above em, half y'all raps is 
Born retarded, now you out here tryin' to get rid of em 
You should be sick of it, I possess no flaws 
That's from the man that made your Head Nod til you Lick-ed his Balls 
Verses I spit em, when it's my turn to get em, I got hot flows 
I only do shows for burn victims 
So cock this mic, and bust out your back, kill you 
And then they gonna blame me for fuckin' up rap 
Who's fuckin with that? Skillz and Esco', it's on 
When you speak in my direction, watch your tone 
From Q-B to V-A, can't count the blocks we own 
It's locked and sewn I repeat nigga, watch your tone 

[Chorus] 

Yo come see 
The big man with the diamonds and the fly Bentleys 
Ladies love me, niggas say 
"Timbaland's really rappin', what the fuck is up be?" 
Jealousy 
I kill niggas with seven thangs, most they jackin' beats 
I'm a eight digit niggy 
Maybe I just rebuild Titanic and send that out to see 
What? 

[Chorus]

"Niggas bit off Nas shit" Ghostface Killah
"Admit it, you bit it"  G. Dep
"Niggas bit off Nas shit, niggas, niggas, bit off, Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah
"Admit if, you bit it, bit it" G. Dep

"Niggas bit off Nas shit" Ghostface Killah
"Admit it, you bit it"  G. Dep
"Niggas bit off Nas shit, niggas, niggas, bit off, Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah
"Admit if, you bit it, bit it" G. Dep

You can be a ridah and ride, or a coward and hide
Either way you go against me, you still gon die
I got four macs, a few nines, I'm ready for beef
You wanna talk, it ain't about money, then let it be brief
I need a drop for when it's a hot, a Hummer for when it's cold
An ill attorney's in my corner when these fake niggas fold
The shit I kick fuck with niggas mentally, makes them wanna mention me
And see me doing a quarter century in the penitentiary
Nastradamus predicted 50's the future, that's a fact money
I run up on your workers with the mac, like where that pack money
I'm a tell ya'll what Papi told me
I got what you need, 19,5 a key
I stay catching a stunt, frontin' in somethin' mean
And I'll clap any nigga for the right amount of cream
Run up on them all with the same problem solver
Beat up ass, tape on the handle, trey eight revolver. What!

Projects too hot, niggas better hope we never hit rock
'Cause then we gonna run up in your spot
Screamin' get the fuck on the floor, give us the raw

Projects too hot, niggas better hope we never hit rock
'Cause then we gonna run up in your spot
Screamin' get the fuck on the floor, give us the raw

Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo
I'm like Sugar Shane Mosley, it ain't no beef
You're staring, a ticket holder that sits in row three
Next to Ron Artest and Kobe
Yo I woulda went pro too, then I let them phillies slow me
I'm like a black man's asthma, seeking a pump
Breathin' deeper when I'm creeping up
Ya'll need to fuck with the tightest, I stick niggas
Encephalitis leavin' whole families in silence
My virus is obvious, past on to most rap fiends
Un cured, ain't no vaccine
Last seen at the automatic teller machine, maxing out
Or in the studio booth, blacking out
It's Con Air style, real twisted, I disappear on some Blair Witch shit
Comin' back I'm rich kid
Either or, you can't stop me with my feet in the door
Or walk away from the street or the morgue, play your part nigga

Projects too hot, niggas better hope we never hit rock
'Cause then we gonna run up in your spot

"Niggas bit off Nas" - Ghostface Killah
"Admit it, you bit it" - G. Dep
"Tell these niggas somethin' God" - Ghostface Killah

What, yo
I disturb niggas and white boys, with five pointed stars
Tatted on they arms, pimp your moms, like I'm Magic Don Juan
From Queens to Hong Kong, weed in the bong
We smoke that, leave our minks on the coat rack
Those that plot on me, nine times outta ten the nine is on me
Feds search the God, but nothin' they find on me
When I rap don't wait to clap applaud sooner
Unless you hate a nigga like George Bush Jr., I bring war quick to you
Porsche maneuvers through the city like New York sewers
Stinkin' up the air, Central Park, horse manure
Rims is 22 inches, Benz suspensions
22 inch dick when I'm pimpin'
Impotent you niggas get me sick, wanna be soundin' like
You knowin' my arithmetic, but we don't sound alike
50 Cent with Braveheart-ed, we ride to the grave depart us
You fake niggas imitate what I started, let's go

"Niggas bit off Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah
"Admit it, you bit it" - G. Dep
"Niggas bit off Nas shit, niggas, niggas, bit off, Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah
"Admit if, you bit it, bit it" - G. Dep

Projects too hot, niggas better hope we never hit rock
Cause then we gonna run up in your spot
Screamin' get the fuck on the floor, give us the raw

Mic check, mic check

One (one), two (two), three (three)
Too many rappers, and there's still not enough MCs
It goes three (three), two (two), one (one)
MCA, Adrock, Mike D, that's how we get it done
Like ladies and gents, attention
Nas in the house with Beastie Boys
We can turn it out
Perpetrators, we can point 'em out
So if you got somethin' on your mind, let it out

Yo, I been in the game since before you was born
I might still be MCing even after you're gone
Strange thought, I know, but my skills still grow
The 80s, the 90s, 2000s, and so
On and on until the crack of dawn
Until the year 3000 and beyond
Stay up all night, and I MC and never die
Cause death is the cousin of sleep

Because I'm back with a bang, boogie, oogie-oogie
Strawberry Letter 23 like Shuggie
Oh my God, just look at me
Grandpa been rappin' since '83
I'm supersonic like J.J. Fad
Got crazy-ass shit pullin' out the bag
Don't forget the tartar sauce, yo, cause it's sad
All these crab rappers, they're rappin' like crabs

I have carte blanche, the vagabond
Nas is the narcissist, my pockets are rotund
I'm no killa, but compared to you, I'm more real'a
You ain't a shot, a mobster, or a drug dealer
A slug peeler, you're not
Mafioso, no
You ain't got the cut-throat in ya, beginner
I ain't tryin' to hear your racket
You work with police, dog, you snitch, you rat
You wear that jacket

How many rappers must get dissed
Gimme eight bars, and watch me bless this
I start to reminisce, ooh, when I miss
The real hip hop with which I persist
Like rum in mojitos
Bullets and banditos
Matzoh balls in soup
Jackets and troop
Yes, y'all, this is one for the history books
Nasty Nas, what's the word?
Count it off on the hook

One (one), two (two), three (three)
Too many rappers, and there's still not enough MCs
It goes three (three), two (two), one (one)
MCA, Adrock, Mike D, that's how we get it done
Like ladies and gents, attention
Nas in the house with Beastie Boys
We can turn it out
Perpetrators, we can point 'em out
So if you got somethin' on your mind, let it out

Cause this the type of lyric goes inside your brain
To blow you bullshit rappers straight out the frame
My lyrics spin 'round like a hurricane twister
So get your hologram on off-a Wolf Blitzer
Too many rappers to shake a stick at
I oughta charge a tax for every weak rap I had to listen to
Cause we be makin' stacks like Stax Records
My squad, we gotta pact -- we're never coming wack

To all you crab rappers and hackers
And circuit benders tweaked on Splenda
I take the cake, I stole the mold
The golden microphone, well, that's mine to hold
And why all these biters all up in my crotchspace?
Sniffin', buffin', huffin'
And mean muggin' with a Blimpie Bluffin
Back up off me, suckas, you ain't sayin' nothin'

I'm broader than Broadway, I was the project hallway
Dual tape recorder, lacin' oratorials all day
I'm just getting started on this beat, this is foreplay
And when this song's finished, y'all can sing along with this
By the way, I have a strong fetish for Christian Louboutin steppers
I hear Russian blonde's the wettest
But anyway, I better pay homage to my fellas
And that's what's on my mind and the rhyme, who's next up?

Mike D, the man of mystery
History in the makin', and now we're takin'
Titles, awards, and accolades
Scarin' the competition as I sharpen my blades
We come together like peanut butter and sandwiches
Like pen and paper, like Picasso and canvases
Rockin' stadiums and shitty bars
Go back in time, send a fax from my car

One (one), two (two), three (three)
Too many rappers, and there's still not enough MCs
It goes three (three), two (two), one (one)
MCA, Adrock, Mike D, that's how we get it done
Like ladies and gents, attention
Nas in the house with Beastie Boys
We can turn it out
Perpetrators, we can point 'em out
So if you got somethin' on your mind, let it out

(Feat. Nas, Foxy Brown, Amerie)
[Chorus:]
Said it ain't to much for me 
To have you next to me 
I can't believe it 
All the things I do 
To keep you loving me 
And its just to much for me 
To not have you by my side 
Cause no matter what your going through 
You know that I'm gon' ride yea 
[Nas]
You a brave girl 
I'm a brave heart 
And car heart 
And champion hunnies 
You in the benz buggy with the fullies 
I ride beside ya 
We about to pull a all nighter 
I'm super freak like Rick James 
Sex in rangers 
Parked on dangerous blocks 
You like it when the strangers watch 
I'm looking out for cops 
You a girl with no fear people put ya hands in the air 
For the GQ man of the year 
That bentley that polstry leather, the leather 
That be up in the coats I wear 
Wherever I go so there ya have it 
Cashmere fabrics never caught in last years garments 
Holsters under armpits chauffers and the charms lit 
And the coders holding on the dons wrist 
She got the ill will chain on 
Turqouise boots sayin god son 
This the theme song 
[Chorus]
[Baby]
You know the size of this shit 
I flips it quickly loose this trouble for these people get with me 
Holla at my hoes 'cause I dip my bitches 
From gold to platinum from rag to riches 
I'm the boss of the boss 
The pimp shotcaller 
Worldwide riding in the benz with a scroller 
In your city tear ya mall up 
Pimp fly bitches and tear their walls up 
Dress nice I'm super neat 
Ice on white wit 3's on her feat 
Worldwide robber from coast to coast 
From europe japan I gets that dough 
Send out 2 I get back 4 
Ya broad around me imma lace that hoe 
Smoke dro redo my whips 
Redo my chips this the bird man b**ch 
[Chorus]
[Foxy Brown] 
BK I throw it up 
Free stay manoloed up 
Cris air canary 
All these niggas hear me 
Lou Vittoun Lou Bratton 
Bring fever cock sucker when foxy throw it on 
I speak how I feel I'm a fox 5 general 
Why'all rap b****hes is all so subliminal 
That's why I ones them everytime I pass em 
Frontin wit young g the fox 5 captian 
So which hoe want to fuck wit huns 
So come ???????? one by one 
So make um bust off the big magnum 
Spray off in the lobby 
Call us the shower posse 
The don ??? come through stylin hard 
Wit 2 booms from the sherlock squadray 
It be a bachelor that fox them sparrin 
And leave why'all niggas on the sideline starvin 
[Chorus]
[Amerie] (x2) 
I, I, I want to get to know you 
I,I,I want you with me 
I, I, I just want to show you 
How good it would be close to me

(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Everyone deserve to earn and every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
Every man deserve a turn like a flame deserve to burn
(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Each and everyone deserve to earn and every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
'Cause every man deserve a turn like Babylon deserved to burn

Man, what happened to us? Geographically they moved us 
From Africa--we was once happiness pursuers 
Now we back stabbing, combative, and abusive 
The African and Arab go at it--they most Muslim 
We should be moving in unison; disputes should end 
Bounty hunters in Grape Street get cool again 
Substandard housing got the young running rampant 
Wilding for a phantom he can style in 
Mask on his face, grabbing his Ruger 
Said, "nobody move, I'll shoot ya"; man, you're expiring 
Catch twenty-five and he doesn't like the man inside
With black, white pride, and Mexican, survive the best he can 
Strap a shank to his thigh 
Why do we all collide? Why do the young die? 
Extortion, murder, and burglary 
Tattoos his chest; it says his enemies don't deserve to breathe

(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Everyone deserve to earn and every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
'Cause every man deserve a turn like Babylon deserved to burn

I drink poison; then I vomit diamonds 
I gave you Mandela, black Dalai Lamas 
I gave you music; you enthused in my kindness 
So how dare you reduce me to Donny Imus?
Timeless in case we ain't never been acquainted 
Flyness--we made it; it gets duplicated 
Mindless violence--well, let me try to paint it 
Here's the five steps in hopes to explain it 
One: it's me and my nation against the world 
Two: and me and my clan against the nation 
Three: and me and my fam' against the clan 
Four: then me and my brother with no hesitation 
Go against the fam' until they cave in 
Five: now who's left in this deadly equation? 
That's right: it's me against my brother 
Then we point a Kalashnikov and kill one another 

(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Everyone deserve to earn and every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
Every man deserve a turn like Babylon deserve to burn 

Honor war tribal--over colors 
Over money, over land, and over oil, and over God, and over idols
And even lovers, over breakfast, over dinner, over socas 
Over jungle, over rema, over okas 
Over Brooklyn, over Queens, and over Rutgers 
Over red and over blue and over chuckers 
Over red and over blue and undercovers 
Tribal trouble, the drive-bys double 
'Cause the youth them not go war and go fight with knuckle 
The two sides scuffle
Vietnam not go a war with no more kung-fu nunchacku 
Missile and shuttle 
And the queen of England and Uncle Sam them flex them muscle 
The tribal hustle, blood diamond puddle, survival struggle 

(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Everyone deserve to earn, every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
Each and everyone deserve a turn like a flame deserve to burn
(Tribal war--we not want no more)
Everyone deserve to earn and every child deserve to learn
(Tribal war--none of that)
'Cause every man deserve a turn like Babylon deserved to burn

featuring Nas 



[Nas] 

Spit at the world 

My lyrics  I could spit at your girl 

Spit when I hurl  spit on the Dutch and finish the twirl 

Spit facts  spit on whacks my whole lifetime 

Spit on my watch  make the ice shine 

Spit trife lines  .44 spit slugs out 

Ready to thug out at the clubhouse 

Chickens who lickin' or spit a nut out 

My name within itself is a language that bring you wealth 

Careful  comin' at me is like hangin' yourself at a..... 

I know you thought I'd be locked up 

Dead by now, shot up, full of lead by now 

Got up wit' JD doh', crazy dough 

Queens with the So So Def, A-T-L's best (yeah I know) 

Every ride up the 9-5, fly friendly skies 

Thug passion for J Doves, Henneys for Nas 

Then we mix that shit, tip that shit 

Pass it around, hook the hood, everybody get wit' it 



[Chorus] 

[Nas] 

Through thick and thin, from beginning to the end 

Never do I lose, all I do is win 

Cause Queens Bridge is in the house 

This is Nas Escobar and I turns it out 

[JD] 

Through thick and thin, from beginning to the end 

Never do I lose, all I do is win 

Cause Collin Park is in the house 

They call me Don Chi Chi and I turns it out 



[JD] 

I'm sumpin' y'all dread like locks, get bread by the flocks 

Bitches love me and I'm duggy from the head to the socks 

Too much to handle, here da man of the year 

Hit rooms and light'em up like a chandelier 

From see-P to the Bridge, y'all know what it is 

Been gettin' money like this since I was a kid 

I'm in the corner with bitches and buckets of Cris 

Pourin' at the most goin'est nigga wit' shit that showin' it 

Now look at my ice, look at your ice, DAMN 

Look at my life, look at your life, DAMN 

See, I got niggas wantin' to drop me, top me, stop me 

Copy Chi to the T cause I'm nice in the 3 black same color AMG's 

T.V's, front and back pack with nuttin' but ladies 

You can look up or down, right or left 

But all you gon' hear and see is So So Def 



[Chorus, JD then Nas] 



Touch the whole global with cold vocals and dark words 

Vocal cords translate what my drunk heart slurs 

Chest clogged up with sparked up herb, I feel faint 

Tryin' to hold myself together, coulda spilt my own drink 

All I hear is beats bumpin', I'm seein' in doubles 

Last thing I need to happen is to be in a scuffle 

Where my dogs at? These ain't my niggas I loah 

Help the guard, forgot my niggas took some girls to the car 

Tryin' to make it through the crowd, which way is out? 

Which way is around? These grimy motherfucker's pointin' me out 

I wish I had the drink, but then I'm too intoxed to aim and put the clip in 

It's like the floor's wet and every step is like I'm slippin' 

And yo, I can't lose a step, I feel my enemies followin' 

All I got is a weapon and this Hennessee bottle 

I'm talkin' to myself, my peoples should be stickin' with me 

Somebody grabbed me up, "Yo Nas, come take this picture wit' me" 

My ice strillon, I'm feelin' my arm 

Thought my Roley was gone, now I want to swing but I'm calm 

Still got that, DJ musta threw on another hot track 

Think it was this one here, bounce to that 

Too much Thug Passion and smokin' 

Made it outside, mouth wide, vomittin', gaggin' and chokin' 

From behind, niggas plottin' and scopin' 

Everything was blurry at first, but now shit is movin' in slow motion 

I saw my niggas pull up, Perelli's they skidded 

They open the car door and toss-ed me in it 

My cats tried to rob me, the crowd was rowdy 

But one thing's for sure, So So Def know how to party 



[Backdrop] 

All night long {'til when?} 

Til the early morn (it don't stop) 

And uh (it don't quit) 

And uh (So So Def with the dope shit, bitch!)

[talking]
Uh yea, yea, yea
Let's Go Niggas [laugh]
c'mon nigga, c'mon nigga

[Chorus 2x]
I be dippin in tha twilight, wit gangstas,
Smokin weed up in my ride life
the same stuff, its still a bitch
livin like I'm rich
bang broads call me Mr. International
ghetto stars

[Verse 1]
Yo' I talk like a champion,walk like a champion,
body like a god, and I promise that Nas will hit you off,
flow like a gangsta, blum bum bum bum bum
bustin like dummies, so mami you come and lick
it off, I stay right, purple haze'd outfit stay on my ?
blood stay in my mouf, ? laid out
tequila sunrise and five 6's
surprise bitches 
Nas from the trenches, hot as he survived 
This is ?, here for good, Rep fo' my thugs,
plumper than last summer, stomach streched
from tha grub, good livin, good women
I fuck wit straight stallions, bowleg stances
go 'head handsome, but they all scream
my cars lean, hit up, every state,town, city
wit my braveheart team, pretty face,
round tits and ass, stay my queen,
keep a burna in tha trunk, ate all fifteen

[chorus 2x]

[Verse 2]
Yo' if you see me on mtv, don't forget
I'm tha same nigga from QB
Sittin on tha block, hungary & starvin
Imaginin performin' at Madison Square Garden
or Radio City, in New York City 
Bring tha whole hood wit me, gallons of henny
My homie got shot right befo' my eyes,
I got shot too, but I survived
I was just a teenager, never had a pager
always had flava, chasin dat paper
I need dem diamonds, dem new clothes
Pretty hoes, dat Bently Coupe all red like a rose
and everybody knows, my gun goes off
in tha west coast, durty south, and up north
Jungle tha boss, a natural born hustler
I despise suckas, ya punk muthafuckas!

[chorus 2x]

[Verse 3]
Nigga I'm high wit high hopes
fuck tha bullshit, stand up in front of dat
You get tha full clip, I'll beat a nigga senseless
His skin is missin, listen, my knockouts is six
So serious, bang wit a "be	" on my chest
y'all niggas is bitches, ya touch me and I'm 
pullin ya dress from stitches to stitchin'
I hate y'all niggas, stomp you out like roaches
Can't you see I'm here to get this paper just I'm suppose to
I been a BraveHeart since semen, ? my pops schemin
One thought to get up in my moms jeans and it came to this
It feel like a muthafucka dreamin, but I'm here
Fuck anything another nigga thinkin, see dem BraveHearts,
damn, those my niggas, you got drama wit 'em
Sleep witcha gun unda ya fuckin pillow
This is real thangs, I know shit feels strange
How dem QB niggas do thangs, check dis shit

[chorus 2x]

Real conversation for that a**
(Its what they want) Huh
(Its what they want) What you said, can't hear you man
(Its what they want) Speak the f*** up
(Its what they want) Word (Its what they want)

[Nas]
Nastradumas, astrologic, know when I rep
Flow when I'm set, got the chips to a lotus my whip
Gold on my neck was once a code of respect
For high rollers and vets
Now its loads of baguettes, prefer a mack-10 over a tech
No matter sober or wet, I smack soldiers, cadets
Trees that might eject my hype back
Famous phrase "N**** light that"
Hoes you f***, ask you where your ice at, dun
Its all about playboys, when we was young
Can only get tongue, then finally we can cum
Busting in hoes, guzzling 4's
Crack blitz, '86, you turn hustling pro
From bottles, to seven in your hand
To fake pepsi's to get to the crack, unscrew the can
Gleam blunted, seeing 100's, stacks of boy with a lean on it
We got it if the fiends want it
The whole block singing the same theme "Don it"
F*** it, too many crabs in the bucket
If its ice work, I'm gonna truck it
You gotta love it, you gotta love it

[Chorus]
(Its what they want) f*** it
(Its what they want) you gotta love it
(Its what they want) f*** it
(Its what they want) you gotta love it
(Its what they want) f*** it
(Its what they want) you gotta love it
(Its what they want) (its what they want) (its what they want)

[Nas]
Some girls get too emotional, fanatic extremist
Get pulsive with malice insentitives, the foulest of b****es
Hung up my riches, her childest wishes
Be suspicious of those sleeping with fishes, them hoes
Conspicuous and it shows, tricking this dough
Kicking this flow, slip in a new fo'
So when your click roll, I let my clips go, N****s on opposite polls
I got that confident soul, for those locked in a hole
Inhuman, living hostile opposed
To living on the streets, proper from my top to my toes
Aeropostale my clothes, Vernon n****s in suburbans with liquor
Preposterous foes, frantically foul n****s
See n****s in blast, there goes a loud difference
Coke sniffing, tapping 13 year old chickens
You can't be a kingpin when you snitching
Regardless, we still make you a target
We shoot you and chill, chrome objects
Hit you in your projects, its street anomics
This rhyme is edited, credited through ebonics
Miserable cats, hunger painting
Get off your a**, stop complaining
My crew be in Montego Bay margariting 
While you home, waiting your arraignment
This thug life you claimed it, I make millions from entertainment 
Now back in the hood, certain cats they want to kill me
They ice grill me, but on the low, n****s feel me
You gotta love it, you gotta love it

[Chorus]
(Its what they want) f*** it
(Its what they want) you gotta love it
(Its what they want) f*** it
(Its what they want) you gotta love it
(Its what they want) (its what they want) (its what they want)

Uh,oh baby, baby
Keep it thug, and keep yo' heat, na nah nah nah nah

Now slowly, thinkin' of all the things that oppose me
I think of kings who died and rappers out to dethrone me
For they crown they head is cut off, bodies is laid
Dead in the street, it's so fuckin' pitiful
First they love you, could be the bitch that even live with you (hoe)
Mad at your riches, now she switched, turned miserable
Cause she want to dress like Bonnie, Robin and Crystal do
But Crystal's single, Bonnie's broke and her niggaz too (ha)
I can do bad by myself; went from rags to wealth
From Jags to Bentleys to, plenty ass bitches
Can't keep they hands to theyself no more
I'm like, Hugh Hefner, you lesser, you just a

Want to be me, you can't you faggot, you bitch
You coward, you clown, you just want to be down
So you, want to be me, you bitch, you phony
You clone me, you want to be son, I'm the one and only
But you, want to be me, you suckers, you weak
You flunkies, you fake, you couldn't come close on my worst day
But you, want to be me, I burn you and learn you a lesson
Concernin' this mic profession, turn your direction

You can't be me, not in your wildest fantasy
It's childish; should I have to resort to violence?
Pay me a half a million, I'll consult your album
And show you how to stay off my dick
That's the thing I hate the most, can't even call you a man
When you gotta call out my name to get you some fans
No talent, you need direction; you a pussy with a yeast infection
You unlucky, I'm your fuckin' c-section
Plus I'm the last real nigga alive
Toast glass, Ill Will, the label get high
Realize, how many classics I gave you
Perhaps if you think back you'll realize that I made you

Want to be me, you can't you faggot, you bitch
You coward, you clown, you just want to be down
So you, want to be me, you bitch, you phony
You clone me, you want to be son, I'm the one and only
But you, want to be me, you suckers, you weak
You flunkies, you fake, you couldn't come close on my worst day
But you, want to be me, I burn you and learn you a lesson
Concernin' this mic profession, turn your direction

You can't be me, I'm tryin' to walk a straight line
Why they tryin' to take mine? I'm past '8 Miles' of every state line
Eating, alligators and, hummingbird hearts
At the player's ball, Brianni suits, why'all birds watch
As real millionaire, shit'll take place
Evil as Hitler's hate-race people
This is God son, and I've come from the God under pure peace
To represent the streets, you'll see that my plan
Is not to destroy your man
But to bring more to mankind and teach
Every MC reach for your pens and papers
Lesson one be creative; what you made of Junior?
Cause soon you'll be a grown man with the mic in your hand
And understand, to battle Nas not in your plan
I'm the last real nigga alive, understand that
And you my offspring, the boss sting
A bulletproof Porsche things, hard for you to understand that
Nas the king, where my bricks, where my band at?
Play me a gangster's theme, while you entertain me
If I ain't cryin' laughin', to the lions, throw your ass in
What the fuck was you niggaz thinkin'?
Guns'll clutch if I get a inklin' that you comin' for the kingpin
But I laugh at you cowards, ha ha ha
Take me out, try try try, but you

Want to be me, you can't you faggot, you bitch
You coward, you clown, you just want to be down
So you, want to be me, you bitch, you phony
You clone me, you want to be son, I'm the one and only
But you, want to be me, you suckers, you weak
You flunkies, you fake, you couldn't come close on my worst day
But you, want to be me, I burn you and learn you a lesson
Concernin' this mic profession, turn your direction
You can't be me

[Intro] 
The unauthorized copy. Dedication to my children, my child
Destiny Jones. To my niece and nephews, Suree, Malik, Jabari.
The world is yours. Acknowledgements: First off, I wanna
Thank God. And I wanna thank everybody for helping me out
With this. Couldn't do it without you. Chapter 1.

[Verse 1:]
January 28, 1968
Born into this world as William Griffin The Great
Chapter 1, Wyandanch Long Island
Scientific rhymin' invented a new sound when he met with

Eric Barrier from East Elmhurst
The melody they created was the first
Burst on the scene, 1986 with Clap To This
'87 dropped a classic disc

The facts is the tracklist was like four
The vocals, the beats -- according to Marley Marl
Recorded in my hometown Queensbridge
That's why it's so relative

This biography was unauthorized
I spit it how it was given to author Nas
William changed his name at sixteen to Rakim Allah
'Cause Clarence 13 next had New York on lock

Gods on every block, jams in every park
I remember hearin' Kurtis Blow saying
"It can't get better than this"
'Til Run DMC blew my brains to bits

From leather coats to shell toes to the Stan smiths, to Dapper Dan kicks
First million-dollar deal ever in rap, 18th Letter did that
From 4th & Broadway to Uni to MCA
We followed the leader to Harlem's Apollo Theatre

Supreme rapped and the 50 that don't rap
Forte Green, Queens, Long Island wolfpack
Paid In Full posse, hot they was on
And Ra had his firstborn

With the next line I'ma be easy
His wisdom's name is Fifi
EPMD put a record out, was dope
Tension spread, and I quote "Smack me and I smack you back"

Sounded like the answer to the "I Ain't No Joke" track
For a second it ain't look good
Little tension buzzin' from Wyndanch to Brentwood
Misunderstood, all forgot by sixteen when I met Freddie Foxx

Totin' burners, the whole coast's most concern was
How was Rakim's flow, made Christians convert with Islamic ways
Let The Rhythm Hit 'Em was the third LP
A sophisticated mean one, before similar voices were King Son

A few others, but sooner or later, the game was Ra's kingdom
At sixteen, some was watchin' him, mesmorized
Respect, not jockin' him, was so amazin', besides
He came on the stage with lasers in his eyes
Walk with me now

[Nas talking]
"Unauthorized biography of Rakim. Epilogue: Mother was
A jazz singer. Nephew to R & B legend Ruth Brown
Discography: Paid In Full, Follow The Leader, Let
The Rhythm Hit 'Em, Don't Sweat The Technique. That's

The end of the group. Went off to solo. 
Dropped the R, then the 18th Letter, and I think, somethin', 
The Master. Was signed to Aftermath, scheduled to release
An album "Oh My God" with Dr. Dre. The album was

Dismantled because of creative differences. Thee end
To the new beginning. Yeah. Next book, KRS-One. Peace."

Uh
Pacino life, G a roll, casino dice
At the Mirage, Vegas strip, neon lights
Gamblers, puffin cigars, couples and stars
Flashing cameras, dealers, shuffling cards
Spent the weekend, already miss New York and it's odd
Cause I'm the first to say it got too many hustlers who rob
I never hang out, when we do we bust the four-five
Cause shells coming back at us while we jump in the ride
Flying, ducking, our bitches in the club clucking
Telling my wife who I was dancing with like I was fucking
Flew back, Monday evening from the bottom where the sun was beaming
To the concrete jungle of cement
Limousine's from LaGuardia airport, sleeping
Told my dogs peace, kept in moving, I was beat when
Got to my crib, where the hell my keys went?
Ringin the bell, heard a yell but wasn't sure
Dropped my luggage to the ground, put my ear to the door
Slow music, H-Town, no that's down low
My baby's, drop Mercedes is parked, I creep around yo
To the back, she must be inside and can't hear
Probably upstairs, in the mirror, doing her hair
I walked in through the back door entrance
Shocked it was unlocked, when I walked in, I smelled incense
Chased by a weed aroma, empty Guinnesses
And lipstick marks on like three empty Coronas
A pair of blue jeans on the carpet, size twelve Timberlands
Something swinging on the ceiling fan, I stopped it
Swinging slower and slower,
On the last swing I saw it was a G-string and heard laughing
Thought about my nine-side Glock but something made me disregard it
Started my way up to where the noise and music was at
Froze, I couldn't react
Bedroom door opened a crack, seen wifey laying with some nigga
Mumbling shit, he had one hand on her ass
And she was rubbing his dick, toasting wine glasses
Cherry scented candles was lit, couldn't handle the shit
Searching for words I found none, without a sound
I left the house with a sick smile and took my gun
Now I'm out bugging, whyling, what I'm goin' do?
Call my man Horse, meet me outside, I'm coming through

I thought you loved me
I thought you cared for me
I thought you needed me
Did you believe in me?  
I thought you loved me
I thought you cared for me
I thought you needed me
Did you believe in me?  

Got up with Horse, showed a look on my face was mad lost
I ain't know whether to cry or just, try to laugh it off
"Son you home early they wiped you out that quick?"
I said, "Nah," showed him the plastic with nine in the clip
Hopped in the whip, popped in the disc, pressed play
To the Grand Central, from the Van Wyck Expressway
I said, "Bet you'll never guess in a million years
What I just saw happenin' and probably still is
Snuck in my crib some nigga fuckin my wiz
I saw dem, they ain't see me, I ducked and I slid
I'ma grab shorty, I need you to grab the nigga for me"
Just when I thought I found love, she shitted on me
Shopped in Vegas, a present, for our engagement
Twenty G's on a ring I would have hit her today with
My surprise couldn't match the one she had for me
We pulled up, he was walkin' out the house backwardly
Parked in the back of my house, they couldn't see us
Ran to the side of my house, cocked the heater
Walked to the front when I talked he had junk
Bitch tried to slam the door shut, got caught in Horse foot
Shot the Spanish kid in the rib, drug him in
Grabbed her face, say goodbye to your undercover friend
One between the eye, she's died, by mistake
Must've held the gat too tight, pointed at her face
Heard somebody knock, Horse helped me hide the bodies
Heard sirens, I guess we going out we out like kamikazes
We surrounded, red lights flashing, who's inside?
Came out a bullhorn, I'm contemplating suicide
Horse asked me for the Mac, he gave me dap, one love
Cocked the strap, then he ran out the back
Mad shots couldn't tell what was going on
Sat on the floor near my dead girl, put her in my arms
Pulled her ring out my pocket I was saving
Put it on her ring finger cocked the Glock, and started praying
To Muhammad and Allah, the most beneficial
Through you, all things are possible, I know you're listening
I never meant for this to happen, I never dreamed
This'd be my fate, such a grotesque, murder scene
On that note, same time, the cops busted in
Kissed my lady, her blood on my lips, I said "Amen"
Put the nine to my head, pulled the hammer, held her close
Squeeze the toast, said to her, "Now unto God, we elope"

We elope

No revolutionary gets old
Or so I'm told
You're left full of bullet-holes
When you tell the people go free
Oh, it's a matter of days before they try to take me
I heard gunshots rang
His bullet got my name
I ain't see him take aim
I dreamt this day came
'Cause I stood in the face of damnation
Satan, spat at him, flat out disgraced him
He want my blood; why me?
Why not the fake ones who deserve death, man
Fuck it, I'll take one
Can stop me but can't stop a whole nation
Of millions who feel you deceived them
They believing reparation makes it even
So I'm deadly now because of one reason
They listening
In Budapest, Japan, China, and Switzerland
We getting it in, son
Another bullet passed by--missed me
Wondering who plotting to get me
Alphabet boys still plotting against me
To hush me up and stuff me in the pockets of history
You won't remember why they came to clip me
When time go by, you'll soon forget me
They say he was the king of bling, jewels, and Bentley's
Then they use one of my lines just to prove I'm guilty
Don't let them kill me
Some revolutionaries do live long
Am I one of them? Guess we'll know in due time
Everybody has rights, can I use mine?
Can I rock shine? Can I have a girl that's too fine?
Got a swell life, tell me, will I lose mine?
Every time I turn around somebody new dying
Let's start living
Ala carte escargot, Escobar, invest my millions
Mansion for the wife, the rest for the children
Knowing that they coming any time, but until then
I'm at large until they shoot me
Million dollar stones and my camouflage Gucci
Giving you this crack like Pookie
To question the system
Be the resistance
No matter what color you are
Everybody nigga's
You can stand by and watch
Or you can march on with us

Maybach Music, it's deeper than the verse baby
It's deeper than the rap

Doin' a 150 miles and runnin'
Get up in the way then you know that I'm gunnin'
Laugh about the doe but really ain't nutin' funny
Gettin' rich in a rush

You know us we the usual suspects
The real definition of success
Throwin' money 'cause I can and I love it
From nothin' to somethin'

You know us we the usual suspects
You know the boys on the block wanna take us
'Cause we bringin' all of the paper and
From nothin' to somethin'
You know us we the usual suspects

Seventeen, tryna man up
Feed the fam boy, I put that on these damn goods
All I got was diabetes and a damn ugg
People talkin' down, callin' me a damn sprug

Young niggas, all you wanna do is roam free
On your own feet, gotta cook your own beef
I'm too cool for lame dudes that ridicule
I laugh while I'm doin' laps in the swimmin' pool

I don't owe you niggas nothin'
Call me two fingers when you see a nigga stuntin'
Black Philip drummin', limousines of the Hummer
Penthouse sweet, pretty beach I call the summer

Lotta homies pass, see 'em in the future
Moneys so fast, on the gas, never neutral
Gotta keep a shooter while I'm ridin' in the seven
Higher than a kite by the time I get to heaven

Doin' a 150 miles and runnin'
Get up in the way then you know that I'm gunnin'
Laugh about the doe but really ain't nutin' funny
Gettin' rich in a rush

You know us we the usual suspects
The real definition of success
Throwin' money 'cause I can and I love it
From nothin' to somethin'

You know us we the usual suspects
You know the boys on the block wanna take us
'Cause we bringin' all of the paper and
From nothin' to somethin'
You know us we the usual suspects

And still my talent is yet to be challenged
Had new jet with my own pilot
No blastin' off, but flexin' DJ Khaled
My mom stressin' college but my crude sense of logic
Did a lude to my empty wallet

Try spittin' on a green tinted Accord
Which could mean a sentence up north
Where the homie was but back then
Doe was like a hoard it goldie love, it didn't exist
And office foley cuffs was after my wrists

Was not Beverly hills where we chilled
Imagine this, the nas 'n' rith had to get from rags to rich
I used to stand on rooftops, with two glocks
Figurin' how do I turn my timbalands to clocks

Now reptiles was left out about a watch
What is you thinkin'? Murk you
Plus the muscle that you bringin' is nothin' to me
If you thuggin, a fake and shaked on Cuban, shout out my Ricans
Down with all of you gangstas to the roughest Jamiacans

Doin' a 150 miles and runnin'
Get up in the way then you know that I'm gunnin'
Laugh about the doe but really ain't nutin' funny
Gettin' rich in a rush

You know us we the usual suspects
The real definition of success
Throwin' money 'cause I can and I love it
From nothin' to somethin'

You know us we the usual suspects
You know the boys on the block wanna take us
'Cause we bringin' all of the paper and
From nothin' to somethin'
You know us we the usual suspects

If you ballin' physics, nigga money never flow
Meanin' every day I'm livin', tryna stay on flow
Coming from a boss, I can predict a double cross
Handlers managin' money, they never come across

I spend in Africa, Magnamers, numbers involved
AK47s singin' win or by sum or you fall?
I dealt with brawls and those willin' to sell their soul
Over cars and clothes, man I'm talkin' petty hoes

Ask ma feddi grow, fuck a feet of spaghettio's
I'm club poppin' in Cali shout out to Ariel
Somebody dim the lights, triple black tuts
'Cause associated and the flesh is tryna catch up

I roam with niggas who destined to get a life sentence
Get their baby mama a Lexus for them nice visits
Ma nigga got a dub an' love to do the push ups
I got a million cash tryna get the kush up

Doin' a 150 miles and runnin'
Get up in the way then you know that I'm gunnin'
Laugh about the doe but really ain't nutin' funny
Gettin' rich in a rush

You know us we the usual suspects
The real definition of success
Throwin' money 'cause I can and I love it
From nothin' to somethin'

You know us we the usual suspects
You know the boys on the block wanna take us
'Cause we bringin' all of the paper and
From nothin' to somethin'
You know us we the usual suspects

Doin' a 150 miles and runnin'
Get up in the way then you know that I'm gunnin'
Laugh about the doe but really ain't nutin' funny
Gettin' rich in a rush

You know us we the usual suspects
The real definition of success
Throwin' money 'cause I can and I love it
From nothin' to somethin'

You know us we the usual suspects
You know the boys on the block wanna take us
'Cause we bringin' all of the paper and
From nothin' to somethin'
You know us we the usual suspects

Maybach Music, it's deeper than the verse baby
It's deeper than the rap

Madonna
Life is so crazy
You've been through a lot
I'll tell your story sometimes, you know

Seem like yesterday, I was a baby on the street
I took a holiday, I was steppin' to the beat
I had to pay my rent, on the lower East side
I threw my tag around, let b-boys take me for a ride
I started writing songs, I kinda got into the groove
They tried to criticize my every single move
But then I realized I had nothing left to lose
It took me by surprise when I became my muse

I was fearless like a renegade
I had a feeling that I can't explain
I didn't listen to what people said (whatcha do)
I came, I saw, I conquered

I was constant as the northern star
I had a fire burning in my heart
I never gave up fighting in the dark
I came, I saw, I conquered (let's go)

Ooh I came, I saw, I conquered

I expressed myself, came like a virgin down the aisle
Exposed my naked ass, and I did it with a smile
And when it came to sex, I know I walked the borderline
And when I struck a pose, all the gay boys lost their mind
I justified my love, I made you say a little prayer
They had me crucified, you know I had to take it there
I opened up my heart, I learned the power of good-bye
I saw a ray of light, music saved my life (music saved my life)

I was fearless like a renegade
I had a feeling that I can't explain
I didn't listen to what people said (whatcha do)
I came, I saw, I conquered

I was constant as the northern star
I had a fire burning in my heart
I never gave up fighting in the dark
I came, I saw, I conquered (let's go)

Ooh, I came, I saw, I conquered

In 1994, I came through the door
With that born beats versus scratches
Verbally murdered rappers
My mom's from the Carolina's, pops from Natchez
And QB's where I started flowing
But I was scared the cops was gonna kick my apartment door in
Had a baby girl by a crazy girl then I got married
Heavily accosted, that ended in a bad divorce
And I know how to pick 'em, don't I?
Never gave a fuck about public pressure
Or the ridicule of two bigaloos
Now who's the fool?
And I ain't never been happier, no lie
I'm just you humble servant, I'm Nas
If y'all burn down Ferguson I'ma riot
My life cannot be compared to anybody
And trappers, and rappers
Any politicians, beauticians, a musician
Anybody, so I'm anybodies
Many coffins, heads or tails
Penny tosses, we either dead or in jail
Not many options on the block I came from
And I turned to a rap messiah, spit rapid fire
And I roll right back to the block I came from

I was fearless like a renegade
I had a feeling that I can't explain
I didn't listen to what people said (whatcha do)
I came, I saw, I conquered

I was constant as the northern star
I had a fire burning in my heart
I never gave up fighting in the dark
I came, I saw, I conquered (let's go)

Ooh I came, I saw, I conquered

Through the lights cameras and action, glamour glitters and gold
I unfold the scroll, plant seeds to stampede the globe
When I'm deceased, by then the beast arise like yeast
To conquer peace leaving savages to roam in the streets
Live on the run, police paying me to give in my gun
Trick my wisdom with the system that imprisoned my son
Smoke a gold leaf I hold heat, nonchalantly
I'm raunchy, the things I do is real it never haunts me
While, funny style niggas roll in the pile
Rooster heads profile on a bus to Riker's Isle
Holding weed inside they pussy with they minds on the pretty things in life
Props is a true thug's wife
It's like a cycle, niggas come home, some'll go in
Do a bullet, come back, do the same shit again
From the womb to the tomb, presume the unpredictable
Guns salute life, rapidly, that's the ritual

Perhaps bullets bust niggas discuss mad money
True lies and white guys, we can see it through the eyes
Catch the most on tape, kilos disintegrate
Pyrex pots, we break, fiends licking plates
In the building niggas building, like little children, staring
Them older niggas ain't caring
Sirens circling fiends are lurking in your baggage
Oh, one's gone now, what, smack him in his cabbage
In the woodwork, crack sales bubble like Woolworth's
In the projects, richest niggas rocking all the real worth
Police questioning, rooftop cats invested in
Trading in they Lexuses, GS's, sending messages
Two and two makes four, Cristal's crazily pour
Gun wars my crew feel 'em like swords

With the green leathers, hundred pound snakes and cakes
Fiends found in lakes, jealously Jakes we shake
What I strive for is what I live for
Infatuated by material things in this wild life of war
Like somewhere over the rainbow, I see a big pot of gold
Future stacks so I hold
Thousands of cracks bagged up inside the shoebox
Don't keep jack in my lab, don't wanna see 2Pac
Got two spots, a new lot, flooded with rocks
Shoot-outs making me hot, crooked cops Bad Tony and the ball drop
In the 'nile, I'm banging niggas for slot time
Hurry up duke I'm next on line
And what the fuck is you looking at?
By the way young blood, hit me off with that Green Bay hat
Watch your back inside the hall, new niggas slide through
Like doors yo, you're staring in the mess hall
Your adrenaline runs, cigarette niggas be swindling
New jacks surrendering, come home not remembering
Made bail with different size kicks on, a white dress shirt
Looking gay in the yard, and you got hurt
Flashbacks, of the day room, mop wringer style
Your faggot ass got bashed trying to turn the dial
You told your boo you was wiling
Once you heard Wu, out of the blue, your family's from Shaolin
High class cooks, throw on vests out of phone books
Infirmary niggas are screaming, "I got juxed!"
Sharpened toothbrushes, 190 mixed with baby oil and shit
Your man's in the kitchen stashing ice picks
Well I'ma end this with a big red cherry on top
Me, Nas and Rae got the best product on the block

They doubted me all my life
Now it's victory
(D-J Khaled!)

Whatever it is, I'll pay the cost
I'm willing to risk it, I'll take the loss
I'll put it all on the line (put it all on the line)
In a hustler's state of mind

I'm gonna make history (yeah, yeah)
Just so we can claim victory (Victory)
Oh, victory (Victory)
(Nasir!)

Speedboats, three tokes and pass it
Grass lit, hittin' slopes in Aspen
No coat, just an oath to stay thorough 'til we back to ashes
Driven in fly sedans to the M-G-M Grand
Picture lots of sand, two blonds, implants
Remy in hand, we tryna tan, deal my cards with an honest hand
A modest man, aware of any counter-scam
Palm trees, magnum Don P's, L-V monograms
Hottest girls flew from Rio
Mojitos, mucho frio, my libido
Sex so strong, without the E though
Hollow threats, we don't see those
Higher death toll whenever we roll
That process is pivotal
My pitiful poverty-struck criminals will get a Jew
Then we lounge in a Spanish-style house
'Til it all blows over, Dolce Gabbana out
Contemplatin', there is no bond with Satan
Say a little prayer for me like Aretha Franklin
For my hustlers, here's some motivation
He who has begun is half done, why you waitin'?
I'm too impatient to pray, too much patience for stress
It's too much paper to rest, fuck around, you face death
I know some niggas from Astoria
That'll cut your daughter up
Like I used to cut a quarter up
Makin' all the bucks, banana clips I bought in Georgia bucks
Kill all you fucks, easy
I be on the golf cart, sleepy
Y'all beneath me
Y'all be at the pawn shop, pawnin' watches
Obnoxious, can't stop us, we shottas
Say you killin' Pablo? Impossible
Nonsense, preposterous, bizarre at best
Unfulfilled promises
I feel intelligence is my wealth
However, how enormous is Nas' pockets is a pop quiz to gossipers
See me at the Oscars, lookin' dreamy, hood opulent
Means esoteric, how I wore it
Exoticness makes you curious to see how serious my closet is
Shareholders wanna invest in that Nas stock, it's just
We be on that real shit, luxury four-wheel shit
Niggas actin' thirst on some just-got-a-deal shit
Ha, for that victory we will kill shit
Get out the way, playboy, this is real shit
(Khaled!)

Whatever it is, I'll pay the cost
I'm willing to risk it, I'll take the loss
I'll put it all on the line (put it all on the line)
In a hustler's state of mind

I'm gonna make history (yeah, yeah)
Just so we can claim victory (Victory)
Oh, victory (Victory)

Just so we can claim victory
Oh, victory
Victory

Just so we can claim victory

Yeah, what, you!

Uh huh! c'mon!

Yeah, yeah, what?

Nasty Nas, Virgo

Uh-huh

Ludacris, Virgo

Uh uh uh

Doug Fresh
As we go, something like this

Nasir

Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand
Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo
Hey girl, just come and hold my hand
Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo
We sipping on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though
I drop you off at, Willoughby and Myrtle
Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
You seen me convince your homegirl though

Plus she says her life is too hard
She says that she want to come and build with the God
Promise that she gon' play her part
Cause what I spit gets straight to her heart
And, she's damn fine, feet Hammertime, damn if I mind
Love is the bu-bubbling back of your waistline
I don't waste time, gotta GET GET ON IT
Just you and me, two glasses, sip on Patron and
in the club scene where I met Ms. Green Eyes
She walked by asking me, "Are you Nas?"
Why? "If you was I'd be totally TWI"
What's that? "Totally with it, T.W.I."
Ha ha, well, here I am, yep I'm the man
Bartender put a Cosmo in that girl hand
So, here we standing before I begin
Homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem
Tongue skills, yeah I like that, now we on the right track
Straight to my Phantom, call Africa Black
Ever since then, she been yapping a track
Told her friends, now they hollering behind her back
Sing!


Now I was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds
When I stepped up in the club even my eyes was shining
Bling! A little cute thing said, "What's yo' name?"
I put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain
Oh oh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up
Blow! Ludacris in the hoouse
The needle hit the record, they was playing this song
All the ladies hit the floor and it was EH EH ON
Live forever like Fame, let the Leroys dance
While I'm laid back chilling in my be-boy stance
Could be a little pop locking if your girl's top droppin
But watch for cock-blocking on my coochie stock options
But later for the ASSDAQ, throw 'em on the fast track
Make 'em swip swap Nasty N-A-S pass that
honey in the black cause I'm feeling her curves
He looked down at what I had and said WA WA WORD
Why only serve one when we can serve up two
Then at the bachelor's pad, doing what the Virgos do
And these women so shy but get loud undercover
So we can have sex but I can't be your lover
(buck buck buck buck buck buck)
Sing!


They got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat
Virgo proof baby run the streets
So let's go (let's go) let's go (let's go) for the beat
Let's go (let's go) it's the Virgo
Let's go (Nasty Nas) let's go (Ludacris)
And if you don't know, now you know, Doug E. Fresh

[Verse One:]

Yo, the Lord is my shepard
The sword is my weapon
Reward is a blessin', that comes from the struggle
Shoes been scuffled, blood's been shed, another Mother loses a son
'cause where I'm from the young chooses a gun
Before they choose an education
But once dead their ain't no awakenin'
So like once said, life ain't for fakin
Yo, you wit' me when I say duct tape 'em?
Fuck waitin'
Got the truck outside, Benz jeep for navigation
Everything in position, they'd rather be fuckin' wit' Satan
When I aim I ain't missin', master of assassination'
I heard he call himself Esco, drive a Lexo
Rocks his hat sideways, showin' off his waves with a chipped tooth
Is this the truth?
This is what we do, sip a brew
Wait around his crib until it turns around two AM
As soon as he walks in the door we slay 'em
You guys got fat while I was away, so start payin'

[Chorus:]- Okay, you wanna play rough?!
(gun shots) (scratching - a thug changes, and love changes) repeat 3X,
Okay yo, we could play rough!

[Verse Two:]

Okay now, drive up to my crib, am I high enough?
Who these niggas tryin' to hide in their truck
I ain't order cable, why in the fuck these niggas
Ducked in they seat? are they lookin' for me?
But I ain't do shit, could it be that niggas thought
I slept like B.I.G. and Pac did
May they rest in peace, but while I'm alive I pop shit
P-11 glock spits 17 shot clips
Put these niggas in boxes, where they Moms and Pops is
Pull the strap from under the seat
Back up in the street
Watch these niggas that's tryin' to watch me, I carefully creep
Take off my shoes, barefoot nigga poppin' my heat
Empty every shell in their direction
Its you, I should've guessed it!
Same niggas that I was connected wit', I know sent you
Now I'm'a take you off here, you don't know what you got into

[Chorus:]

[Verse Three:]

Walked in his house, smackin' him up, "what you talkin' about?" he said
Shut-up nigga! knocked him in his head with chrome
Never thought I'd be in his home
With his wife taped up for my niggas to bone
Fuckin' with me, you should've known
I'll have 'em write "stupid nigga" on your tombstone
What money can do, get you hit for less than a G
For threatenin' me
I'm'a do it myself, take you to Hell, this ones for free
Killin' you niggas with nothin'
Left him dead, engine runnin'
You the only I'm makin' sure that gets what's comin'
Look at your Woman, anal ripped out, its your fault
They gang banged your bitch out in your face and you saw it
But before I let you have it I'm searchin' your crib
For pictures of relatives, addresses to where they live
Shit like that, incase a nigga wanna strike back
I'll be right up in his ass to blow 'em out with the Mac
Niggas treat you like Fam, and you on it like that?
Now you gotta lay flat, gettin' eatin' by rats
Gettin' even's never wrong, its only right to react
Eye for an eye, 'cause the sweetest part is payback
Somebody kncokin', who dat?
"a cop man", let him in
And give that mothafucka one under the chin
Can't believe this nigga down with the Feds!
The copped screamed out your government before he dropped dead
Don't explain, I put the pound on his head
Blew 'em! before that I can't remember the last time I said......
Okay, so we gonna play rough!

[Chorus:]

[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down
'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown
And I know it's not my time to go now
'Cause God's got my back in this showdown
So I know we'll be alright

[Nas]
Yeah, Brooks Brothers overcoat, know the ropes, smooth is holdin' those
Briefcases, silk ties, slick as them older folks
Silver fo'-fo', got no,
My chauffeur driver just left some of my colleagues smokin' that Cali
Caught a glimpse of myself in the Barney's shop window
Kinda' see my father's features creepin' in a little
Got an office on Broadway, business in Jamaica
Tell my daughter try the hardest so the best schools'll  take her
And I'm late to a dite with my wife, I realize
I stopped to shop, had to get her some type surprise
And I'm walkin' through it, chaos is all around me
But God got me, no fear, through the fire pride stop 

[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And all this drama's got me feelin' uptight
I don't know what I'll do if I don't see my boo
'Cause she's standin' on the corner of Linden Boulevard
Holding our baby in her baby in her arms
So hold on, your daddy's in sight

[Nas]
Yeah, Nine-four, Destiny opens her eyes
For the first time, praise God, baby mom's cryin'
Planned to be a strong black family
But we both were too young, too strung, too much flashin'
New come, I caught verbal assassin runnin' with
Nothin' but the worst type, worst fight
But we brought my baby home the first night
Cursed like sailors, burst out the crib
Ragin' in my new car bought from entertainment
Champaign and gainin' clout fast, whiplash
Did this bitch just pass in the club pugged up, stupid ass
Grabbed her by the pony tail, "never disrespect me"
I'm a street vet, regret the sex, but not Desi
Moved back to your grandma, I'm single, the land's mine
She keeps the Benz, I'm all in the streets again
Squeezin' the pen, released again, chart toppers,
Hard-bottoms blessed the feet, now less baby mom's problems
New woman, she's great, this a different world,
Checkin' out my wife's chemistry with my little girl
It's so amazin' playin', life is so crazy
I've grown up the thankful for lessons God gave me

[Chorus]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down
'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown
And I know it's not my time to go now
'Cause God's got my back in this showdown
So I know we'll be alright

[Chorus:]
There's a war in the streets tonight
And nobody's really feelin' alright
I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic
I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down
'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown
And I know it's not my time to go now
'Cause God's got my back in this showdown
So I know we'll be alright

Yeah, Brooks Brothers overcoat, know the ropes, smooth is holdin' those
Briefcases, silk ties, slick as them older folks
Silver fo'-fo', got no,
My chauffeur driver just left some of my colleagues smokin' that Cali
Caught a glimpse of myself in the Barney's shop window
Kinda' see my father's features creepin' in a little
Got an office on Broadway, business in Jamaica
Tell my daughter try the hardest so the best schools'll  take her
And I'm late to a date with my wife, I realize
I stopped to shop, had to get her some type surprise
And I'm walkin' through it, chaos is all around me
But God got me, no fear, through the fire pride stop 

[Chorus:]

Yeah, Nine-four, destiny opens her eyes
For the first time, praise God, baby mom's cryin'
Planned to be a strong black family
But we both were too young, too strung, too much flashin'
New come, I caught verbal assassin runnin' with
Nothin' but the worst type, worst fight
But we brought my baby home the first night
Cursed like sailors, burst out the crib
Ragin' in my new car bought from entertainment
Campaign and gainin' clout fast, whiplash
Did this bitch just pass in the club plugged up, stupid ass
Grabbed her by the pony tail, "never disrespect me"
I'm a street vet, regret the sex, but not Desi
Moved back to your grandma, I'm single, the land's mine
She keeps the Benz, I'm all in the streets again
Squeezin' the pen, released again, chart toppers,
Hard-bottoms blessed the feet, now less baby mom's problems
New woman, she's great, this a different world,
Checkin' out my wife's chemistry with my little girl
It's so amazin' playin', life is so crazy
I've grown up the thankful for lessons God gave me

[Chorus:]

[Nas]
Uh, If I can teach somethin' so dear
And hope somebody learn somethin' from it
And give it back

[Nas]
They can't break me or shake me
They too fake to come kill me
Think they faith this was satan
They mistake me I'm filthy
Rich off the ghetto madness, so now they want to dare me
It's gonna be a murder confront me, the burners are empty
Middle Passage I made it I'm from the land of David
The Nazarene of Bethlehem they had me wrapped in blankets
That bunch of backward gangsters
That sign of Alpha Davis
Snitches with smile-like faces got you blowin' trial I hear this
Hopin' my child can see through this tryna be a good daddy
I was there when she was born and she'll be there when I'm buried
Kind o' waitin' is scary
All my years have prepared me
What I fear is my temper, I subject to the center
Right through a man's soul
Straight through his eyes, straight through his heart I'm still alive how did I make it this far
'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go
Every single night I pray
And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found
I guess it's just a warrior's way 

[Chorus 1: Alicia Keys]
This is the song, for my warriors
A warrior song Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior
Definition of a warrior
Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of her own beatin' drum 

[Nas]
Like King Nasir fightin' the
British regime I can't cope my existence is hope for younger teens who lost in their world
Earlier this year I buried my queen in a gold casket
Your mother's the closest thing to
God that you ever have kid I'm askin, what would you do at your own mom's funeral
Want to pick her up out of it, this can't be real
Tellin' my daughter grandma's gone, but
I can't keep still I can't go on, responsible for so many
Her last days at the hospital
Visits from family I'm tryin' not to bust shots at niggas
Wishin' death on other nigga's mothers ain't right but why mommy
She raised me in the projects alone
Her untimely exit from her, heavenly body
Got me ready to embody somethin' quickly
Can't be happy, fuck a party she can't party with me
So your apologies are burnin' ya own souls
To the kids with no parents at home, grab a whole 

[Chorus 2: Alicia Keys]
This is the song, for my warriors
A warrior song
Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior
(Uh, warriors)
Gonna keep marchin' on, to the sound of her own beatin' drum 

[Nas]
Fight 'til the fight is over, for my peoples I die see
When you thought they were soldiers they turned out to be nobodies
I think they out to get me, helpless was livin' sinful If you was me
All this pain I'm feelin would bend and killed you
(I'm a Warrior)
It only made me stronger
But in my head it gets darker who wishin' evil on ya
Sometimes I wish I was dead
But I took heed to the cause
(I'm a Warrior, yeah)
'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go
Every single night I pray
And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found I guess it's just a warrior's way 

[Chorus 1: x3]

[Nas]
To my warriors
To all these, baby Krucial
Keys! Braveheart y'all
This to all my warriors, who breathe with the heart of a lion
To everybody that lost their mother, their father
Rest in peace moms!
My mother's last words:
Never give up
A true warrior, who raised me in the hood, in a war
Love ya girl, why'kno keep marchin'
Yea yea yea, you never give up
To all my warriors, haha
Braveheart, Braveheart
Definition of a warrior

They never realized, how real Nas, is so decisive
It's just the likeness, of Isrealites mist, that made me write this
A slight twist, of lime rhyme, be chasing down your prime time
Food for thought or rather mind wine
The Don Juan, features the freak shit, my thesis
On how we creep quick, fucking your wife that ain't so secret
It's mandatory, see that pussy, they hand it to me
I got no game, it's just some bitches understand my story
There ain't no drama that my niggas never handle for me
My gator brand is Maurry, walking through rough land before me
Where the snakes put a smile on they face, hoping and praying I'm stuck
Scoping they lay in the cut, weighing my luck
Player haters play this in cell blocks and rock stages
Winking at some females cops with cocked gauges
Really it's papers I'm addicted to, wasn't for rap then I'll be sticking you
The mag inside the triple goose
Face down on the floors, the routine
Don't want hear nobody blow steam, just cream or it's a smoke screen
Imagine that, that's why I hardly kick the bragging raps
I zone, to each his own and this ghetto inhabitant

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

Now how can I perfect this (uhh, what)
Living reckless, die for my necklace
Crime infected, driving a Lexus with a death wish
Jetting, checking my message on the speaker
Bopping to Mona Lisa brown reefer, ten G's, gun and my Visa
CD cranking, doing ninety on the Franklin-D-Roosevelt
No seat belt, drinking and thinking
My man caught a bad one son, niggas is frightened
Secret indictments, adds on to one seeking enlightenment
My Movado says seven, the God hour, that's if you follow
Traditions started by the school not far from the Apollo
My "Fuck tomorrow" motto through the eyes of Pablo
Escobar the desperado, word to Custom Auto

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

Some niggas watch you (uh) see you when you think on the low
Ain't hard to spot you, you swore to keep it real after you blow
Three ki's, new V's, went to Anguilla with your hoe
Stayed around the hood, smoothest cat, getting the dough
Them old timers, advise you to them problems that's ahead
Drama with the Feds, not listening just bobbin your head
Your Roley shining, thinking to yourself nobody's taking mine
At the same time, your hoe is getting snatched from behind
Put in the van, where's the hundred grand, script in her hand
From all the ice, wouldn't you know,
You knew these niggas all your life
What made them mark you victim, you fucked up somewhere down the line
Now they had to target your Wisdom
She took em to your place, straight to your safe
You doubted it could happen sick of yapping
Jump in your ride, headed to your side
Puffin ganja get to your crib, can't find her
Just a reminder shit and have your stash house where you crash out
Could of passed out, your coke was gone, now you assed out
Dead bitches tell no lies, you should use your eyes

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

Watch dem niggas that be close to you
And make sure they do what they supposed to do
Cause you know they be thinking about smoking you
Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

We major (come on, homie, we major)

Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes to soon
Until you have a daughter, that's what I call karma
And you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon.
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit but he had that nine
Nigga come through flickin' and he had that shine
Put two and two together in a little bad weather
Gon' be a whole family on that funeral line
Ask the reverend was the strip club cool if my tips help send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want like wino's want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line, should it be about the hos or the ice?
Four-four's or black Christ? Both flows would be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man's plight
At the studio console asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
He said, Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, Stillmatic
Picked up the pad and pencil and jotted what I feel
Been like 12 years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent
And I'm thinking it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cause rappers be deprived of executive 9 to 5s
And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony where King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasting longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke.

Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never is orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

There was life there was water
We depend on mama nature
There is a message for tomorrow
Everything connect's to you
Some says soon there will be over
You can see it in the weather
Out of tune with mama nature
What you do comes back to you

We're not alone
We're not alone
We're not alone
We're not alone

Confucius, Confucius
Sigmund Freud
And Fard Muhammad
Is it evolution or God?
Searching for the truth is a threat
Seems the closer we get to the truth
State troopers or FED's come out to silence you

My house in Malibu probably tapped
Because living next door to Demi Moore
Plus, I'm black
Plus, I want vengeance for the poor
Who's attacked daily

Patriot Act never scared me
Jake in the Taurus
Sticky in the jar-s
Niggas I'm with got warrants
America's brown and
Twenty years from now
Every town will be brown and Latin
Or African, look at Manhattan

I'ma tell you what I seen with my three eyes
Word to me, not a hoax, back in 9-9
A spacecraft in the skyline
In L.A., in daytime, ask Horse if I'm lying

Every mother every father
Raise your sons and your daughters
With respect and with honor
From the seed comes a fruit
Its an unbroken circle
All of life is universal
And we are all in the struggle
If I know one thing is true (If I know one thing is true)

We're not alone
We're not alone
We're not alone
We're not alone

Evidence remains in debate
Documents of our own Air Force base
Additional terrestrial information
Other planets with life population
My observation
Scientists study pictures of a flying disc
Right on earth, anthropologists are finding shit
Visitors, probably live with us
They can mimic us
It's sort of what we seeing in the cinemas

Take a look in the mirror
And see the bigger picture
It's good to be alive
It's good to be alive
Nobody is an island
We are part of an survive
Only way we gonna survive is if we harmonize

We're not alone
We're not alone ohhh
We're not alone
We're not alone ohhh

Reginald Lewis
The black billionaire
Before Oprah or Bob Johnson
How'd he disappear?
Conspiracy theories, UFO's in the air

I've seen it with my own two eyes
And I swear, like Warren Buffet
Real money I'm just trying to touch it
The diamond-encrusted shit, live illustrious
'Cause we was deprived of it, suffered

Now we pop to prove anything's possible
My pimp strut was invented when they whipped us
Now we diddy-bop just to show you that our strength's up
Just when niggas about to see they cut
Global warming about to burn us up
Niggas never really seen paper in this world
American blacks the teenager of this world

Give us twenty more years to grow up
Already geniuses; what I mean is this
I used to worship a certain Queens police murderer
'Til I read the words of Ivan van Sertima
He inserted something in me
That made me feel worthier
Now I spit revolution
I'm his hood interpreter

Take a look in the mirror
And see the bigger picture
Its good to be alive
Its good to be alive
Nobody is an island (is an island)
We are part of an environment (an environment )
Only way we are gonna survive (gonna survive)
Is if we harmonize(harmonize)

We're not alone yeah yeah
We're not alone were not alone
We're not alone yeah yeah
We're not alone
Yeah yeah not alone

Ah-yo, I'm American born. Love America
Love my people Love all man kind
All nationalities you know. I think it just recent,
Where everybody just started to feel like their
Was an elite group that runs everything and
Everybody else was sheep ignorant making all
Ethnicities colors and creeds niggas blind to what
Really is going on so I say take off the wool from your
Eyes out with the Old America in with the New end all
Racism all injustice all oppression to poor people any
People anywhere in this planet lets come together a
New day is rising.

Hey yo it's poison, ecstasy, coke
You say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescripting us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison

Niggas up in my hood be getting shot giving poison
In hospitals, shots rittle the block
Little children and elderly women run for their lives
Drizzling rain come out the sky every time somebody dies,
Must be out my fucking mind, what is this, the hundredth time?
Sending flowers to funerals, reading rest in peace
You know the usual, death comes in threes
Life is short is what some nigga said
Not if you measure life by how one lives and what he did
It's funny how these black killer companies is making money off us
Fast food, cola sodas, skull and bone crosses

It's all poison, ecstasy, coke
You say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescripting us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison

Sisters up in my hood trying to do good given choices
When pregnant drop out of school or have abortions
Stop working hoping that they find a man that will support them
Up late night on they mothers cordless, thinking a perm or
Bleaching cream will make better when they gorgeous
White girls tanning, lypo suction
Fake titties are implanted, fake lips that's life destruction
Light-skin women, bi-racial hateful toward themselves
Denying even they blood
I don't judge Tiger Woods but I overstand the mental poison
That's even worser than drugs

Yo it's poison, ecstasy, coke
You say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescripting us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison

Radio and TV poison, white Jesus poison
And any thoughts of taking me down is poison
Who want beef now, my heat shell annoyed them, plow

Never to worry, all the wrong doers got it coming back to em
A thousand times over
Every dog has it's day and everything flips around
Even the most greatest nation in the world has it coming back to em
Everybody reaps what they sows that's how it goes
Innocent lives will be taken, it may get worse but we'll get through it
Y'all be strong

The China-men built the railroad
The Indians saved the Pilgrim
And in return the Pilgrim killed em
They call it it Thanksgiving, I call your holiday hellday
Cause I'm from poverty, neglected by the wealthy
Me and my niggas share gifts every day like Christmas
Slay bitches and party everyday like this is the last
I'm with my heckles connecting and we hitting the lad
This is my level, fuck if it get you mad
It's all poison, all of my words to enemies it is poison
Rappers only talk about keys, it's all poison
How could you call yourself emcees you ain't poison
Think about the kids you mislead with the poison
And any thoughts of taking me down is all poison
Who want beef now, my heat shell annoyed them, plow

What goes around comes around my nigga
And what goes up it must come down my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground my nigga
Just hold it down we older now my nigga
What goes around comes around my nigga
And what goes up it must come down my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground my nigga
Just hold it down we older now my nigga

This nigga Ike with the Iverson jersey
Light skin with herpes
Fuckin' sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn and D.C.
This is the problem cause he never tell em he got it
From letting fags suck him off Rikers Island in nine-three
Drives in Benz, hangs in all the parties
All the concerts, backstage where the stars be
Rocking their shirts in bitches faces like clockwork
What's your name, where you from, chain blinging
Thinking girls every wheres dumb, taking powder ruining their lives
So they could never have babies, and they could never be wives
He never used a condom, give him head he got ya
Met the wrong bitch and now he dead from the monster AIDs
I contemplate, believing in karma
Those on top could just break and won't be eating tomorrow
I know some bitches who be sleeping on niggas dreams
They leave when they nigga blow she the first bitch on her knees
Knowing dudes that's neglecting their seeds
Instead of taking care of em they spending money on trees
I pray for you deadbeat daddies
Cause when them kids get grown it's too late for you
Now you old and you getting shitted on
It's all scientific, mystic, you know the Earth and the stars
Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas
What is destined shall be
George Bush killer til George Bush kills me
Much blessings be healthy, remember

What goes around comes around my nigga
And what goes up it must come down my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground my nigga
Just hold it down we older now my nigga
What goes around comes around my nigga
And what goes up it must come down my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground my nigga
Just hold it down we older now my nigga

Yep
Ah-a
Yo

[Jadakiss]
Take a second, what if we could rewind the hood?
Better yet, what if the L.O.X. would of signed with Suge?
What if Puffy never signed us?
What if Oprah made them comments
Like Imus?
What if you designed this
Thought like I did?
Said it like this:
What if Peyton was fighting dogs instead of Mike Vick?
What if Arnold would just let Tookie get life?
What if B.I.G. missed the party, what if 'Pac missed the fight?
What if you was caged in?
What would you change then?
What if there was no Rocafella law for +Made Men+?
What if hate ran through me?
And what if Portland
Would've drafted Jordan
Instead of Sam Bowie?
What if you really have to be nice to get a deal?
What if all of these rappers' ice was really real?
What if I hit you with the razor from cheek to chin?
What if Mike Jackson never would have bleached his skin?

[Chorus: x2]
What if you never knew things that you needed to know?
What if you never been places you needed to go?
What if you get there, and learned them as you go?
"What if" is the question, can I ask then once more?

[Jadakiss]
What if the pain went away?
What if you changed in a day?
What if you can eliminate
All the games
People play?
What if Shyne beat the case?
What if Diddy did a dime flat?
What if Nelson Mandela could give his time back?
What if Malcolm was silent?
What if Martin was violent?
What if you could really "sneak an uzi on the island"?
Yeah
What if I made you kiss the niner?
What if a brick was only just a misdemeanor?
What if Manhattan was hit by Hurricane Katrina?
What if a black man was the one controlling Fema?
What if we ain't never let emotions come between us?
What if the last time we rode, someone seen us?
What if

[Chorus: x2]

[Nas]
Yeah, yea, yo
I flow calm
But don't push
What if Saddam
Hung Bush?
What if "One Mic" was called "One Hook"?
What if the Bridge never showed me how to hold a weapon?
What if I ran into that sick chick with no protection?
What if I never wore that army jacket?
Carhard to match it
Unlaced tims, the hood on my first album cover under plastic?
What if I was just another corny rapper?
What if I went first instead of Notorious, who would tell my story after?
What if we loved less and lust more?
If Obama was on Mount Rushmore?
Would Ali give Tyson a busted jaw?
What if I never glared out the project window?
Whenever the the scared for me and the life of my kinfolk?
What if that gun pin broke?
I would have never learned back in the body of an Enzo
All red
What if all real niggas was all dead
What if Hilary and them
Were reptilian?
And 2012 was the end of men
And all world civilians?

[Chorus: x2]

[Nas]
Redhead Kingpin, Tim Dog, have you seen 'em?
Kwame, King Tee or King Sun
Super Lover Cee, Casanova Rud
Antoinette, Rob Base never showin up

You see Black Sheep, Group Home, Busy Bee?
Ask Ill and Al Skratch, (Where My Homiiies?)
Leave it to y'all, these niggaz left for dead
Last week my man swore he saw Special Ed

Rap is like a ghost town, real mystic
Like these folks never existed
They the reason that rap became addictive
Play they CD or wax and get lifted

I recommend when your kid turn ten
Let him hear Spice 1, made plenty noise
.. Positive K, Father MC, the Skinny Boys
Where are they now?

(HEY!! Where are, where are they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhhh HEY!)
Where are they now?
(HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?)
("HIT MEH!!")

[Nas]
See I remember them forever
The original Spinderella
Lakim Shabazz, 9 MM
Fu-Schnickens, Buckshot, Finesse, and Sequence

Who was a (Rappin' Duke?) Da-ha!
Silk tie and leather was cute
Body and soul was Dee from Pump It Up's group
Oaktown 357, J.J. Fad too

Had pop hits and gold ropes
Where my man Young MC and Tone Loc?
Kris Kross, the BO$$, Divine Styler
Def Jef of course let's break it down ta

Mic Geronimo, Pharcyde and Coolio
I heard Craig Mack back in the studio
Have you seen these lost MC's?
Funky Four Plus One, Force M.D.'s

Miss Melody, I hope she packin' a bankroll
As well as educated rap for ice and Kangol
Shante, she from around my way yo
EPMD, K-Solo, where are they now?

(HEY!! Where are, where are they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhhh HEY!)
Where are they now?
(HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?)
("HIT MEH!!")

[Nas - Outro]
QB...
First off this ain't no diss record
This for some of my homies that were misrepresented...
Legends of the game, y'know?

What up to Moe Dee the legend? Rest in peace Cowboy!
Yeah, all the rappers...male, female, DJ's, e'rybody!
Rest in peace Jam-Master Jay, the whole crew, word up...
Juice Crew All-Stars, MC Shan, Tragedy, Craig G...

Yeah nigga, yeah nigga...
Shan whaddup baby?
Where are they now?

At times I window watch at the Wynn hotel
Lots of thinking happens in life, will I win or fail?
Mind of a shooter, CFO also
Ethiopian food flown in, it's unlawful
Money is attractive, honey dress strapless
Agent Provocateur underwear: she's classic
Stroll up in the party: titanium black car
Romanian ladies like Casablanca, Casbah
'Cept we in the VIP area, that's ours
You know the real rap gods, typical trap star turned rap star
These old heads got stories, the days they was kings
I pray secret indictments don't take away their dreams
You 16, you could do 20, come home young
Catch 20 years when you 40? Holmes, you're done
What have we become? Rap stars from trap stars
Black gods to Ansars to Sunnis back to goonies
A 360 in the streets real grizzly
Shooters is cold, kid, the old shit was learning
Student enrollment to focus, yet hooligans roll with
Toasters to pop your medullas off of your shoulders
This ain't the Truman Show; it's the human show
Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle
Chewing on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you
It's U.S.A. against the gangsta, where's the love?

[Chorus]
Love, I'll trade you love
I've traded fire with you long enough
Is that all you brung? It's not love
That's fucked up, but I saved your soul
Roll that up

Sometimes I sit on the bench just to watch the game
Feet on cement, there ain't a mobster living I could name
Who made it out rich, in his absence I do not proclaim
To not have a heart like wild animals not tamed
Maybe just a typical thug nigga was my rank
'Cept I had a vision above niggas, what I think
It's crazy how many brothers come where I come from
Some made it out big, some dead, some unsung
Shots for soldiers on 23 hours lock-up
Younger generation, they want to mimic and mock us
Laughing, separating themselves like they not us, like
"Cops'll look at you like they look at me? That's preposterous"
Ain't it gangsta how your man made it? I'm humble
One gun, one crazy ass nigga, that's jungle
Now we having babies, cause growing up it was just us
No uncles or cousins to fight with us, we was fucked up
But still it was beautiful, the love is mutual
Even though me and Jung ain't show up to your funeral
I hold your son hand, tell him he the man, we love you
Your pops was king, you have a whole lot to live up to
The G is in your genes, already you tuck
Inherit your dad's swag, it's George Jefferson's strut
Stay flyest, they gon' want to know what in your diet
Don't be surprised if they want to check your shit and your vomit
Tell them you let it marinate, they swear you made them a promise
No matter what they do, you just stay a man of honor
I'm a street corner nigga, New York Knicks loyalist
Corona sipper, pass it out, might blow it with you
It ain't the Truman show, it's the human show
Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle
Chews on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you
Young brother go and get your paper, I got love

[Chorus]

[Nas]
Look here see
Pretty Mike shanked Two-Face Al over some gal
Found the body dead in the isles
Death by strangulation

Microphone cord, a dirty broad
Guess they'll never play it again Sam
Damn that was my jam
Now she's on the lamb

She made it out with 200 grand
What a scam
While these two compete on who's the star of the show
Golden legs there makes off with the dough

I read the paper there with Joe the Butcher
He said one glance is all it took ya
She's a real looker
They say her old mans a bootlegger

Transporting in any weather
And at this rate we'll never get her
Fellas, think it's time to call it a night
All this talk of this mystery dame's gettin' me tight

Thought I saw her in my eyesight, right
Hate to spoil the party
What are you guys havin', the same?
Waiter another round for the gang

It's strange how I always felt outta place
Joe The Butcher's my ace, but in comes Freckle Face
So I said see you later
'Fore I hurt him and his two ugly thumb breakers

He met them in Louisiana wrestling gators
An idiot can tell they're involved with the caper
So I pulled the revolver on my waist up
Between the patrol car and the gray truck

Behind the street lamp was a silouhette
White gloves and a real long cigarette
What do ya know all this time she's got me in her scope
She spoke says the devil got you guys by the throat

Your conspiracy theories won't work without evidence
That's the reason why Eric B is not president
Well what do ya say

Ya see? [Repeat: x 3]

Look here see
I know you got soul your trying to hide it
How did you kill a man out in cypress
One Eyed Charlie

He only hangs with the criminal minded
Says you guys did it doggy style is he lyin'
She says, (Walk This Way) I'll tell you a (Children's Story)
We hit the bodega got her a few 40's

We jumped in my ride we drove and she cried
Twisted off the cap there and opened her mouth wide
Swallowed it, whole bottle's half empty
Drinks like a fish now she's past tipsy

The truth came out as we got to her suave house
(Chopped and screwed) her mouth and sat me on the couch
I said it's gettin late c'mon give it to me straight
Who's ya sponsor lady? She says Bill Gates

What are ya born 77 or 78?
She says, Nah it goes way to an earlier date
Slave times, claims the slaves said rhymes
But she fell in love with some fella named Clive

Who? Clive Campbell from Sedgwick Ave, the Bronx
Now she shows me the cash
I said who's Clive, don't play with me skirt
She said Clive Campbell
He's cool Herc

Ah ha! Ah ha!

Listen up sweetheart
Now we gettin somewhere
As she's talkin, she starts vanishing in thin air
But before she drops the money bag on the floor and died
She said if you really love me I'll come back alive

[Marsha Ambrosia]
To everybody who knows my story
To all of those who came before me
My time is now I'm goin' do it all over again
Ain't nothin' new ain't 'bout to change
I'm still gonna do it my way
Yeah I still remain
So tell me why you hate the game?
So tell me why you hate the game?
This time I do it better just because

[Nas]
Yall know what it is
The streets named me Illmatic but yet I'm still at
Yeah haters

[Verse 1: Nas]
Felon, fights behind me on the intersection
Sex and drugs my anthology on perfection
Dress superb admired by conspirists
Who wanna try me but ain't high enough to 4-5 me up
Child of the 80s, y'all niggas is lazy
Complainin' 'bout labor pains nigga show me the baby
And my nigga Game light another L pass the bottle
Pro-black I don't pick cotton out a aspirin bottle
Yeah I learned my lessons and heard y'all snitchin'
Witnessin' you rockin' with narcs confirmed my suspicion
Green fatigues on my niggas I'll bleed for 'em
I can show 'em the water but can't make 'em drink it
And I can show them my fortunes but can't force 'em think rich
And still I'm out on the boarder wonderin' if they sink quick
Ignore the ignorance I rep the brilliance of Queensbridge
And pray the feds let Murder Inc. live

[Chorus: Marsha Ambrosia]
To everybody who knows my story
To all of those who came before me
My time is now I'm gon' do it all over again (so how?)
Ain't nothin' new ain't 'bout to change
I'm still gonna do it my way
Yeah I still remain
So tell me why you hate the game?
Oh no I never lost I do it just because
So tell me why you hate the game?
This time I do it better just because

[The Game]
I don't talk about my guns nigga I Just Blaze

[Verse 2: The Game]
'Pac is watchin' B.I.G. is listenin'
While Pun talkin' to us Jam Jay still spinnin'
To every nigga listenin' I was supposed to be
Amongst kings my mom shouted out at my christenin'
And while you still listenin' Shyne locked in a manhole
And Cam got shot inside his Lambo it's ample
Life is a gamble, 15 years old red rag around my head
My sisters used to laugh and call me Rambo
Seen Eazy's legacy melt away like a candle
I rekindle the flame Dre created The Game
Nigga Wit a Attitude from the cloth I came
Young homie ate his way up from the bottom of the food chain
Keep the crown clown I rock a L.A. Dodger fitted
Showed my ass at Summer Jam but New York was down wit' it
Now the ball's in my court never dribble out of bounds wit' it
Behind the back to Nas he alley oop to Jigga nigga

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: The Game]
Check it, Me and Nasty puffin it's a classic trust me
How he gon' pass the dutchie to them niggas that don't love me
I'm talkin' niggas that never wanted to see me on top
Same niggas that never wanted to see The Doctor's Advocate drop
Flop I think not, I fuck you rap niggas like virgins
Dre took my trainin' wheels off it's curtains
I don't need no encore no claps no cheers
The Game ain't over this the beginning of my career
The endin' of yours the endin' of his
Like Flavor Flav's clock I'm back to handle my biz
Nigga it's Game time that was Dre's favorite line
Back when Proof was in the booth and I recited his lines
And I still think about my nigga from time to time
Make me wanna call 50 and let him know what's on my mind
But I just hold back 'cause we ain't beefin' like that
He ain't B.I.G. and I ain't 'Pac we just eatin' off rap
One love

[Chorus]

[Just Blaze]
It ain't over, Ladies and gentleman, I go by the name
Of the one and only, Just Blaze, I got a couple people
In the house with me, Usually we do this at the
Beginning but we gon' do it at the end this time, I wanna
Take you to church real quick, So I'ma need some help
I need 1500 or Nothin' wit' me, The wonderful talents of
Marsha Ambrosia from Floetry, Ah yeah there we go
The sun is shinin' down on us right now we feelin' real
Good we know y'all do too, So if you feelin' good sing
Along clap along, stomp along, catch a lil' Holy
Ghost, and if you ain't feelin' good God willin, By
The end of this record He gon' change all that, Ayo
Lorenz you ready? There it is pass me them drumsticks,
Alright everybody please join in, ya life ain't good
You can get it right take this opportunity to do so,
And ummm, I'ma let it do what it do, rest in peace to
Georgia Elliott, here we go!

[Repeats in background]
And the sun shines with you

[The Game]
I wanna thank everybody for comin' out, God bless, 
One love, Good night, Or good day if you on the
Other side of the globe, Yo Just we on the move with
This shit, Doctor's Advocate, See you on the third
Album, hate it or love it

Lies and the pain
Betrayal, life

In danger's face
Look what you're facing, gave your heart away
And all the remedies couldn't ease the pain
All the hurt and betrayal, need to get away
In a world so cold
You gain your life just to lose your soul
Never thinking twice bout what the future holds
All the lies and the games not worth fighting for

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

Snitches and rapists in the street, crime to the fullest
Asking niggas if they got any extra nine bullets
They deny me that, they know the bullets they loan me
Be the same ones that probably had them lying flat stretched out
Letter T
It's better to dead a beef than let it breathe, then we don't succeed
Cause then you gotta murder dummies
Waste your time they allergic to money
I'm never squirmish to blood, we can thug
And get out of hand, what's the options?
Only conclusion is shooting bullets, poppin'
Hoodlums dropping, fear any day that the feds will come knocking
Was young and nervous, asking myself what's my purpose
In the back of a patty wagon, bracelets, aching me
Pigs ignoring, I'm asking what precinct they taking me
These cops can't relate to me, death to prison, empty vacancy

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

Thou shall not be selfish, real nigga commandments
Know a billionaire he has everything but a fam guess
How angry this man gets, had so many bad chicks in his bed
Strange sex, same sex, has addictions that are sadistic
Chain of events, habits, he puts cocaine on his prick and acts sick
Self-esteem needs boosting alcohol consumption
Nicotine fusion, some athletes juicing
Pastors quote biblical chapters, Psalms
All along he's into bestiality porn, and it's wrong
So I keep the Cali weed in the bong
And I'm strong, but the female anatomy got me sprung
And these women need shoes and baddest cars and condos
Fine clothes, and these fiends needs to get high, so they find dough
To mainline dope, and ya'll know

The world is an addiction
Serving up a fix
The world is an addiction
It's way too much for me

So many vices, habits, round of course, bad chicks
My response to any advice on what is the insidious of life
I'm just rebellious, not selfish
Guess we all share different definitions of what wealth is
I need the best things in life that's women, that's cars
Cigars, in Venice, bottle on ice, that's priceless
The other night, just in the emergency room
A patient said she needs to see a doctor soon
Doctor busy operating on a lady who's sedated
He can barely concentrate, cause he's newly separated
His estranged wife likes entertaining her acquaintance
In the house they were married in, mad people waiting
Some young some old, heads and stomachs aching
Filling out an application, cause they only medication
But the doctor need love or a quick vacation, calling up his travel agent
Same time, premeditating murdering his ex wife
Life, savage ain't it
Some need Xanax, just to maintain it
We all need faith cause the world keep changing
Let go of the illusion, start some restrainin'

Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on (just hold on)
Just hold on

I wrote my way out
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Running on empty, with nothing left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen
And wrote my way out (I wrote my way out)

I picked up the pen like Hamilton
Street analyst, now I write words that try to channel 'em
No political power, just lyrical power
Sittin' on a crate on a corner, sippin' for hours
Schemin' on a come up, from evening'to sun up
My man awaitin' trial, misdemeanors we younger
Courtroom prejudice, insufficient evidence
Jailhouse lawyers, these images still relevant
Flickerin' lights inside my project hall
Sickenin', the mice crawl all night long
And '87 Reaganism, many pages I've written on
Writin' songs about rights and wrongs and bails bonds
Master bedroom, bigger than the crib that I was raised at
I'm the architect like I wrote the code to Waze app
I'm driven, black Elohim from the streets of Queens
The definition of what It Was Written means
Know what I mean?

I wrote my way out
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Running on empty, there was nothing left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen
And I wrote my way out (I wrote my way out)

I really wrote my way up out of 6E
Develop relationships with fiends, I know they miss me
Before the metrocards, it was tokens, I did the ten speed
Never had wrote a rhyme in my life, what was I sixteen?
At sixteen, arrested in housin', trips to the mountains
Came right back, trappin' off couches, watchin' for mouses
Only tools we was posed with, had a spot, smoke lit
The hate is just confusion, pay attention how them jokes switch
Diadora was my favorite, the Mark Buchanans
Mama couldn't afford them, I learned everythin' on the border
That's a big 8, Clicquot parties with private dancers with no mixtape
Bumble Bee Tuna, now we could get steak
I persevered, composition, I kept it close
Competition near, I'm a Spartan without the spear
Three hundred rhymes, it was written before I wrote it
Opportunity knockin', might miss it, that window closin'
This poetry in motion, I'm a poet

I wrote my way out
When the world turned its back on me
I was up against the wall
I had no foundation
No friends and no family to catch my fall
Running on empty, there was nothing left in me but doubt
I picked up a pen
And wrote my way out (I wrote my way out)

High speed, dubbin' these rhymes in my dual cassette deck
Runnin' out of time like I'm Jonathan Larson's rent check
My mind is where the wild things are, Maurice Sendak
In withdrawal, I want it all, please give me that pen back
Y'all, I caught my first beatin' from the other kids when I was caught readin'
"Oh, you think you smart? Blah! Start bleedin'"
My pops tried in vain to get me to fight back
Sister tapped my brains, said, pssh, you'll get 'em right back
Oversensitive, defenseless, I made sense of it, I pencil in
The lengths to which I'd go to learn my strengths and knock 'em senseless
These sentences are endless, so what if they leave me friendless?
Damn, you got no chill, fuckin' right I'm relentless
I know Abuela's never really gonna win the lottery
So it's up to me to draw blood with this pen, hit an artery
This Puerto Rican's brains are leakin' through the speakers
And if he can be the shinin' beacon this side of the G.W.B and
Shine a light when it's gray out

I wrote my way out
Oh, I was born in the eye of a storm
No lovin' arms to keep me warm
This hurricane in my brain is the burden I bear
I can do without, I'm here (I'm here)
Cause I wrote my way out

I picked up the pen like Hamilton
I wrote my way out of the projects
Wrote-wrote my way out of the projects
Picked up the pen like Hamilton
I wrote my way out of the
Wrote-wrote my way out of the projects
I wrote my way out
Picked up the pen like Hamilton
I wrote my way out of the

(I wrote my way out)
Really, I saw like a hole in the rap game
So if I wanted to put my little two cents in the game, then it would be from a different perspective
(I wrote my way out)
I thought that I would represent for my neighborhood and tell their story, be their voice
In a way that nobody has done it
Tell the real story

[Noreaga]
Yeah,
Why they don't get a nigga like me 
To sing the national anthem or nothing?
It's nothin!

Nokio! (Flame, Nokio)
Nokio give us a beat baby, some gangster shit yo!
CNN, the best group that ever lived
Best blowing fucking group that ever lived in rap
Hundred percent real stories, we speak truth
Yo, tell 'em how your life is son
How your life is yo?

[Noreaga]
My life is nothin' like a sitcom, you see I sip Dom
I rock Jor-dan's, and can't stand Pip-pen's
Bases loaded, coach want me to bunt
But I'ma go for the homer and cock the pump
I was the kid in the hood your moms ain't want you with
Now I'm rich, tell your moms one-two click
Since a young one, I love heaven and love hell
Escobar style, I'll build my own jail
The America's, America's, favorite thug
To sell cocaine, America's, favorite drugs
Me and 'Pone like the military, we train niggas
And the hoes don't fuck, they just brain niggas
CNN, focus on us, we coco-nuts
We throw our gang signs up,  with us
Set up a congregation, so I can orally speak
I orally, have sex cause my aura is deep, it go

[Chorus: Capone-N-Noreaga]
Y'all don't want to fuck with us
CNN out for them pesos
Y'all don't want to bust with us
Niggas better move when we say so
What's this I hear?
CNN ain't real?
What's this I hear?
CNN is wack?
What's this I hear?
CNN won't kill?
Now what's this I hear?
CNN ain't back?!

[Capone]
Yo, I give you every part of my life, to my paralyzed (?)
To the foul death of my moms, the slug and the length of my arm
I'm "The Answer" like Allen I.
Who runs sick like cancer on the Island, I
I'm the first that ever loc'ed on a Nok' track
CNN back, like number five Jordan's purple and black
We spazzed on purpose, fuck trying to sit in a cat'
I erase drama and talk, memories in my rap
It's kinda hard to rap on radio while I sit in the box
All I could think was money, send a few flicks to my pops
I give the street life my all, stripes and scars
Nights was hard, felt I had a right to rob
Now I spit righteous bars, FUCK living like the stars
Give me a hood crib and a Chrysler Dodge
Cause I'm just like why y'all, my kicks scuff like why y'all
I still get harassed and searched up like why y'all

[Chorus]

[Capone]
Yo, imagine us cowards
You still live with mommy, still get allowance
I chase Henny, bubbling ounces
I returned off a short stretch, stuck in the mountains
What's this I hear huh? This is my year
Pone shit kosher you think not? I give you my ear
Now listen closer I was born, and I'ma die here
Listen soldier, I rap and keep one in the holster
Nigga you front, and I'ma pop one in your shoulder

[Noreaga]
Yo raise the partition, cock guns with ammunition
Knock you out position, and have your little hoe missing
Niggas get locked up, I spread my love
Yo they leave God-Body but they come home Blood
Balloon bags full of weed, yo I send you those
And it's all about my niggas, won't mention hoes
Keep it tight on all four corners, warrant search
Po'-po' and C.O.'s they all get merked, it go

[Chorus: x2]

[Noreaga]
Yeah, it's like this
Collaboration, CNN gangsta shit
With my nigga Nokio on the beats
On the boards, fucking shit up why y'all, yeah
He on the boards, fucking shit up why y'all
Huh, a hit record, got a hit record, written all over the track
Hey yo, it got a hit record all over the track
Yeah hit record, written all over the track

(Yeah)
Right off the back, ma, the boy got dollars
So women come frequent like flight mileage
It ain't no secret (I) I might holla
But I ain't gon' sweat ya, baby
I'm a let ya
Catch up wit' ya game
Run faster
But don't let 'em lose ya 
'cause I ain't gon' bless ya
Unless ya
Feel a lil' desperate
Send a nigga a text message, girl

Stop!
Wait a minute
the way you move that girl, 
you done got my heart all in it
And I just wanna be with you tonight (girl, please)
I'm a playa, yeah, it's true
But I change the game for you
I wanna see what it do

Can I be for real?
This is how I feel
I'm in need of love
So let's dip up out of here
Oh ya, just my type
Everything's so right
And I just wanna chill
So let's dip up out of here
(Let's dip up out of here)

I ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)
I ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)

(I'll admit it)
This just ain't no game, these just ain't words
(That I'm spittin')
If you could see the thoughts that's in my head
I'm trippin'
I'm a playa, yeah, it's true
But I change the game for you
I wanna see what it do (do)

Can I be for real?
This is how I feel
I'm in need of love
So let's dip up out of here
Oh ya, just my type
Everything's so right
And I just wanna chill
So let's dip up out of here
(Let's dip up out of here)

I ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)
I ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)

(Yeah)
Weezy F baby, the key to the ladies
Keys to the 'cedes, but please say the baby
Weed and Patron even in the A.M.
We should be alone, we can get a day in
Ya like what I'm sayin'?
Then come around the way and
We can go inside and stay in
Tell the homeboy ya stayin'
You've been taken
Gone
Turn me on, and I'm a turn him, ya'
You know I love you like cooked food
You know you fuckin' wit' a good dude
You know you give good brain 
like you graduated from a good school
You know I'm a good move
So you should do (me)
So, hey, shawty, what it is?
The Carter who it is
Now, shawty, do it big
A party at my crib
That's a party in the hills
You call it what you want
But she gon' call it when she feels
(Ow!)

Can I be for real?
This is how I feel
I'm in need of love
So let's dip up out of here
Oh ya, just my type
Everything's so right
And I just wanna chill
So let's dip up out of here
(Let's dip up out of here)

I ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)
I ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
(She's fine too, but I want you)

Yeah yeah yeah yeah y'all, New York City,
Tryna to see where I'ma go tonight,
The most famous town in the whole fuckin' world,
The other night, nigga was at Lotus,
I hit P and them I was Dom P'ed up in there, you know,
But I found this new spot we went to the other night, yo
Check it out check it out how it went

It was just cool like, smooth night wit' my jewels bright
Goons left goons right, coupe wit' blue lights
Bad girls in black pearls, gave us cat calls
Took 'em back to the crib to break they ass off

In the loft mixin' hash and 'dro
Honey spreaded that asshole like a wide mouth bass
Sippin' wine out the glass, Teddy Pendergrass blast
When the phone ring, the house lights flash

Turned down the sound, let's get down to bidness
Shit about to go down wit' some foul niggaz
What the voice said, "what up pop? Who want it?"
I put the guap up, get the boy popped

He say "son stop, it's dudes you feedin'
Who feedin' other dudes, but they really not eatin'"
Dog, why you callin' me? This our food
You, handle the mouths that it trickles down to

Niggaz want beef, I want some of that cow too
But I'm in my princely robe, simply rich
Don't bother me wit' silly shit, call Rico
He said "it IS Rico, of all people

Gave his moms furs, called up the mayor
To get his crime pardoned, his son's godfather"
Said the nigga shot up my cars
Last night he laid for me to come out my doors?

[Chorus]
Niggaz always on that bullshit
To make a nigga wanna open up a full clip
Niggaz always on that bullshit
Now ya funeral, the preacher's at the pulpit
Niggaz always on that bullshit
To make a nigga wanna open up a full clip
Niggaz always on that bullshit
Now ya funeral, the preacher's at the pulpit
You can't kill me

High, fly, send a fella loaf or glass?
Fold up cash, you ain't heard the soldier's half
You speakin' hogwash, silly shit, ??? to dash
I got the live sparked, Phillies lit, smoker's jacket on

The son of a Cap-ricorn, my dad's a don
What you think that he spawned? A slacker? Nah
Packed the nines, yo this nigga's asinine
Smack ya mom, relaxed and calm, then mack ya mom

In a casket, you'll get ya fashion on
You'll be in a suit and tie, you'll die
You'll make maggots turn to flies, fuckin' wit' Nas
Remember anyone can get it at anytime

Lames'll swear by ya name, when they lie
Get hit wit' the lone star, ripped where ya bones are
So tell me how yo' ass gon' run, from a C-Z-P-O-1?
In the midst of real steel movers, you a loser

Merk you wit'cha own shooters
All you want is a name, pissed and insane
My security system, my playspot a fireplace, listen
Then it goin' off, start spittin'

Niggaz try to bring it where I live in
Trustin' you, knew where all of the cribs at
So we waited wit' the cigs blat, blat, blat!

[Chorus]

"You can't kill me" [to fade]

[Nas]
Cup'a Hen', cup'a Goose, cup'a Cris'
White chain, colored watch on the wrist
Switch lanes in monster whips, ambience
Specially dressed, guess who? -- Nas, it's obvious
Step to bars, we just ordered dark liquors
Clear liquors, y'all niggaz are s-e-x
Yes we get respected, eclectic messages
Left our brains, get into a female's estrogen
She feels electric, her breasts she touchin' them
Wet 'tween the legs from this thug seduction
N-a-s, then they ass, over-spank it
Whisperin' she loves intelligent gangstas
Call fatties 'bubbles', call head 'skull'
Before I get either I need some Red Bull
She'll scream as I pushed in her freezing cold pool
When she piss she gon' bleed in the whole stool
That's how much I want to bang and touch her pretty thing
Won't pluck no chicken wing, don't fuck with just anything
Gotta come up, run up and get touched up
Suicide, that's if you confront us

Don't talk, just hold your breath
Been here a while, s'only one nigga left
And all'a y'all know my style
I spend dough but I still let it pile

Mama shake ya thing
Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang
You put it on and on and on and on
Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song

Uh, from a boy to a king
Love to rock diamonds and fancy rings
I'm a thoroughbred, real heavy mang
I'm fuckin' something tonight that's on everything
Fellas who beat bodies with me
Kidnappers and stick-up kids, they all poli' with me
Pop bottles with me, button-up shirts and throwbacks
Those cats only roll when I'm in the city
And the dance floor is disgustin'
Move your waistline to the basic percussion
I'm that, cool laid-back don who won't say nuttin'
And laugh when a nigga start frontin'

And all'a y'all know my style
I spend dough but I still let it pile
Mama shake ya thing
Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang

You put it on and on and on and on
Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song

Bass beat bang [Repeat: x2]
Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song

Rock Tims, rock Chucks, rock Bapes
I like eyes, pretty lips, fly face
First you said you would spread for me in an instant
See me with the next chick, now you act different
Power of the stick shift, now I embarrass her
Play your position, you're way outta character
Do the knowledge, graduated hood college with honors
Pay homage to Nas, Dickies and Converse
On her eyes shades in the nighttime regardless
The army's so thick you can't harm us

And all'a y'all know my style
I spend dough but I still let it pile

Mama shake ya thing
Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang
You put it on and on and on and on
Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song

Uh, it's real, it's real, it's real
Uh, uh, owe me back, uh shorty
Shorty, what up, huh?
Come on

Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe me something
Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax
Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks
Pay me back when you shake it like that girl
Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe, owe, owe
Yeah owe me back like you owe your rent
Owe me back like its money I spent
Pay me back when you shake it again

The don, all the time, with all the shine
You small time, I ball with mine
Links, minks, Bentley, it's all with mine
My jams bump out to the borderline
UK hot with it, blew spots with it
Every continent love when I spit it
Corners to blocks, even the cops feel it
Brothas on lockdown on their cots feel it
It's real in the field the Last Mohican
Who survived in the streets and did something decent
Now I got plans to buy the whole hood
Legit' now, I ain't gotta lie to no judge
I make hits now, money I flip now
Hood fella every honey wanna kiss now
I lit up my neck, pinkie, and wrist now
So girls everywhere, this is how we get down

Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe me something
Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax
Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks
Pay me back when you shake it like that girl
Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe, owe, owe
Yeah owe me back like you owe your rent
Owe me back like its money I spent
Pay me back when you shake it again

Play to win, girls in the club moving
I get ?em real hot, my songs seduce 'em
I flow, I'm so mysterious
Nas, and Nasty's the alias
Everything platinum I glow
Cadillac trucks pulling up to the do'
On top out the car, lounge at the bar
We spent a thou', we wild, look at how rowdy we are
Feel like a million dollars, feel me holler
To the max with the Benz and chrome wheeled Impalas
Thugs and renta's, to the playas and ballers
Sexy mamas, fly ladies lookin' proper
Look good enough to be taken shoppin'
Earrings, bracelets, now you rocking
Your body's so nice that I give you this option
Let you wear my big chain if we get it popping

Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe me something
Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax
Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks
Pay me back when you shake it like that girl
Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe, owe, owe
Yeah owe me back like you owe your rent
Owe me back like its money I spent
Pay me back when you shake it again

I put the shackles on your feet (You owe me)
I think you owe me some (You owe me)
The shackles on your feet (You owe Nas)
I think you owe me some (You owe Ginuwine)
(You owe Timbaland, you owe me)

Lock you down baby, you know what you owe me
Mack like Goldie, it's the same story
Let you hold something, you spending it right
Know where you gon' be by the end of the night
Make it bounce, shake it, move it around
Wiggle it a little bit, throw it to the south
Fantasizing me inside and you riding
Throw it like a stallion, you wearin' my medallion

Shorty, say what's your price
Just to back it up
You can hold my ice
Now let's say you owe me something
(You owe me something, oh yeah)
I said shorty, say what's your price
(You owe Nas)
Just to back it up
(You owe Ginuwine)
You can hold my ice
(You owe Timbaland)
Now let's say you owe
You owe us something, baby
Oh, oh, oh

Yeah, Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn
Let's make a bet, I know the reason you ain't make it yet
You say you set, but you ain't see the tedious ingredients
That go inside of a rider, you hiding from problems and
You never knew how to make dollars
You couldn't make orders at a drive-through McDonald's
I was fly at the Apollo with black Jason, '89 with a bottle
Niggas jealous of Jason, dark green seven forty, no tint
Rollie on wrist, gleaming he rock the baldy
Used to ride with him to Brooklyn, Louis, and Halsey
Cop chocolate Thai, Vernon style and burn it down
My nigga hype in the federal joint, verdict out
20 years getting money in the dirty south
That's alleged, you see my niggas a stand up dude
So I'm yelling free my nigga
My nephew godfather Malik, he jammed up too
For what his hands usually call for, but he ain't do it

Who you are ain't in the recipe to what I am
Cause where I'm from, man, what I see
You wouldn't understand where I been and what I do
No matter how you try you never can
Cause where I'm from, what I see
You wouldn't understand where I been, where I been

You ever been on the other end of a robber's revolver?
Not me, call me Lucky Nas Casalana
All been shot in the medulla oblongata and survived
And praised God with a bullet, I never collided
Some did and they lived, I salute the gods
Moet spilling, splash my mistake on my Timb boots for y'all
N.Y. nigga, Adidas, jogging suit
Shell toes, slim, fly nigga
Hudson River, rent a boat, t-shirt with a dinner coat
And vintage Fila like I'm the ghost of Domencio
On any day getting throwed in a tinted vehicle
Like a old BK gangsta, but I'm the CEO
Of Nasty Nas Enterprise, mastermind, made men
My success symbolizes loyalty, great friends
Dedication, hard work, routine builds character
In a world full of snakes, rats and scavengers
Never make choices out of desperation, I think through it
Break through walls like Pink Floyd
And drink fluids of all kind of alcohol, y'all
Vineyards in France, yachts out in Cannes

Who you are ain't in the recipe to what I am
Cause where I'm from, man, what I see
You wouldn't understand where I been and what I do
No matter how you try you never can
Cause where I'm from and what I see
You wouldn't understand where I been, where I been

Now holla at a millionaire
Rollie, Hublot and Audemar, deciding which one to wear
Who to screw, what to drive, 550 with the cream guts inside
Or the Super Sport Range truck is fly
Diamond ring on my knuckles like fire, bitch
Gat's on us, I don't really trust these guys
Spend a couple bucks a night on bottles on cuties
If she beautiful, the lustful type, I'll hit it and bust inside
Fuck it, I'mma die one day, they gon' probably make that day a holiday
Until then, let's go on a shopping spree
Speaking for my real niggas, only OGs
Certified who kill niggas when put in that seat
But tonight we on chill, nigga, chill mode
Spill more Spades, listen to Jeezy and Hov, some Rozay
It's like we always on the grind with no brakes
So tonight we gon' act like we on vacation with this on rotation

Who you are ain't in the recipe to what I am (word)
Cause where I'm from, man, what I see
You wouldn't understand where I been and what I do
(Y'all wouldn't understand)
No matter how you try you never can
(You wouldn't last a day in my shoes, homie)
Cause where I'm from and what I see (yeah)
You wouldn't understand where I been, where I been

True B nigga, yeah
For my hood niggas, yeah, yeah
To my man Eric B., what up? Yeah
The whole city, I see you
To my man Big Slate in the fed joint
My man Spunk, free my niggas
All my niggas, yeah
Club Vernon, I see you
I see you, yeah
And Baltum, I see you

Uh uh, yo
They plan was to knock me out the top of the game
But I overstand they truth is all lame
I hold cannons that shoot balls of flames
Right in they fat mouth then I carve my name
Nas, too real, Nas, true king
It's however you feel, g'head, you swing
Your arms too short to box with god
I don't kill soloists only kill squads
Fame went to they head, so now it's "Fuck Nas"
Yesterday you begged for a deal, today you tough guys
I seen it coming
Soon as I popped my first bottle I spotted my enemies tryna' do what I do
Came in with my style, so I fathered you
I kept changing on the world since "Barbeque"
Now you wanna hang with niggas I hung with
Fuck bitches I hit, it's funny I once said,
If I, ever make a record
I take a check and put something away for a rainy day to make my exit
But look at me now, ten years deep
Since in the project, crack in my socks weep
I never asked to be top of rap's elite
Just a ghetto child tryna' learn the traps of the streets
But look at me now

"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"

Now wait a sec', give me time to explain, women and fast cars
And diamond rings can poison a rap star
It's suicidal, how I smoke in so much la'
I saw a dead bird flying through a broken sky
Wish I could flap wings and fly away
To where black kings and Ghana stay
So I could get on my flesh right away
But that'll be the day when it's peace
When my gat don't need to spray
When these streets are safe to play
Sex with death, indulge in these women
Vision my own skeleton swimming in eternal fire
Broads play with pentagrams in they vagina
Like the Exorcist, then they gave birth to my seeds
I beg for God's help, why they love hurting me?
I'm your disciple, a thug certainly
I'm the N the A to the S-I-are
If I wasn't I must've been Escobar
Forty-five in my waist, staring at my reflection
In the mirror, sitting still in the chair like my conception
When everything around me got cloudy, the chair became a king's throne
My destiny found me
It's clear why the struggle was so painful
Metamorphosis, this is what I changed to
And God, I'm so thankful

"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"

Braveheart for life

[Repeat: x8]
"Z-z-z-zone out"

So y'all wit me? Yea, what, yea
Why don't y'all blast on these niggas, man

Tuck in your chain put your watch in your pocket
Here come the Braveheart straight out the projects
We live the life where the blood spills
Same thing that get you cats nigga, get you killed
Warnin', Jungle always keep a gun on him
Pull out, , four head gone 'n
Sloppy, droppin' you birds
Close range so my bullets don't swerve, curve
No bullshit
Back in ya hand, find me
Call Earl, death is the ways of the world
Y'all made criminals
Tryin' to wild out there so crack, bust guns at Bow Wow's age
Fightin' in jail, lookin' for heaven, livin' in hell
Fuckin 'em hos, born to cope since I was 12
Way too foul walk around all the time
With a gray Mack 10 and a pocket full o' dimes

Braveheart to the graveyard, let's go niggas
Scared straight, but fuck them hos
Keep it, dead serious
Believe it don't believe us, until you see me creepin',
Now you sleep with them fishes
G-W-I-Z, so delicious
To all them ghetto and sober bitches in 'burban districts
I'm movin on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's Son
And this is the military turn it up
My moves erase a ton, your son less thump nah
Heat talk feet walk you run uh
Rat ta-tat, Hear them shots come
Drop son, pull out
You better send 'em back son, or feel that casket
The peeps be like one (one)
I'm moving on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's Son

G-O-D S-O-N I S-O-O-T-H-E a female's estrogen
With my testosterone, male hormone
Enough for a giant's body, science S-see-I-E-N-see-E
Don't tempt me, EMS against you, me I'm just, invincible
Like Mike Jack said, for me and Al Sharpton won't be Broke in Harlem
That's that, who made this style, solo or X
Are you TFO's doctor or Mobb Deep
Whoever, I freaked it yes, so meet ya death
I never wear Esco, I got a New Line comin' like cinemas
Remember the, original, y'all still tryina show niggas are rich
Town house niggas
I'm six cribs deep, six bank accounts in six countries
Na I'm lyin', who gives a fuck that's so tired
While pictures of Bravehearts just livin' it up
A million of us, each nigga inchin' a bus
You got a house in Virginia
The only way you sicker than us
Gettin' bagged with .22's now you's a ridiculous fuck
No need for the gun play, it's ok, 'cause you dyin' anyway

Yo, this is for them Heisman drop outs
Niggas who copped out
If you prefer shots over knockouts
Sniffin' coke, smokin' weed
Sellin' crack, sellin' smack
You thuggin' it, you ain't turn it back
Braveheart's gettin' money ruthless 'till the world end
Gettin' high with my enemy's girlfriend
I used to have a bike on a bench
Now I got a jeep on this trip
Coke in the pot, heat on my head

Nigga don't stop blazin' 'cause ya target's movin'
Shoot 'till the gun's empty stupid, Queens
Niggas so ruthless, really excuses is
Useless to these swift executioners
And that's Queensbridge nigga, all day
Pump packs o' crack, smoke purple haze
Running from D's quickly knockout rookies
G Wiz you know what I'm all about
To all my real niggas

[Repeats]
"Z-z-z-zone Out"

Never again
Never go again
Never, never again, again
Never, never again

I ain't slept good in a very long time
Never played a trick again, gotta get mine
Preacher, preacher, money can't see it
Gotta go out there and get it

Money over love
You know how much you love the finer things
Money over love
Fast cars, diamond rings
Money over love
The best things in life ain't free
Money over love

Exchange your time for nickels and dimes
The world don't make no sense
If ladies don't need what I got
I'm just a late night fix
Cost too much to settle down
I'd rather be alone
Chasin' the life of a rich man
Has to get my own

Money over love
You know how much you love the finer things
Money over love
Fast cars, diamond rings
Money over love
The best things in life ain't free
Money over love

Never, never again
Never

Drinkin' and drivin', wastin' my time
And I say never (never) again, we'll never be friends
You can bet your bottom dollar, bet you'll never mistreat my kind
As I say (never), you can pretend
And while I defend every comma that's on this corner
You wanna sleep in designer, don't yah? (Never)
I comprehend and then I resent
The potential bein' together forever, that's what you promised for me (Never)
Fuck Mr. Cupid, put that vagina on me

I don't wanna love (Love)
Until I can afford to love (Love)
I rock that box of credit
Automatic

Money over love
You know how much you love the finer things
Money over love
Fast cars, diamond rings
Money over love
The best things in life ain't free
Money over love

Oh
As the city lights up the night
I feel so
Good cause I did it my way
And I know
That I'm just livin' the life of girls and gold
And I feel so good
Cause I did it my way

Nights bright like Vegas
The life of girls and gold is so contagious
I been cold
Took the C,O, double M road
Hangin' out the windows
Reachin for the world as the wind blows
The crescendo of my career loud in your ear, ear
I'm proud to be here, now that we here
This year, you can find me at the cosmopolitan
Holding bottles, never bottled in
Probably with Chicagoans
And there's black girls modellin'
Looking for a followin'
Attitude is tolerant
I'm married to the game like Solomon
These rings represent the dreams
We got from the old folk, yearning for the gold coast
My soul spoke things that was necessary
Found forever in ways that are legendary
And through the drama, I stuck to my commentary
Now that everyday man say that comm is every-where

Oh
As the city lights up the night
I feel so
Good cause I did it my way
And I know
That I'm just livin' the life of girls and gold
And I feel so good
Cause I did it my way

I used to dream of rising now I see it clearer
How surprising I'm admiring that mirror
I'm inspiring the finer things in life
And your time is slowly expiring, you're crying me a river
That's ironic, she have a roll in it as well
I like to swim in it like Olympians YSL
And some Timberland's high as hell
The ceiling is an understatement
I burn through it, prove it's a fire drill
Fire hoes, bad bitches fire hoes
Fire hoes then re-hire hoes
Her entire crew is tired of the liars that you runnin' by her
I can see you ho
Plenty priors of a fuck nigga, nigga I suppose
I can fly her, put her in attire of designer clothes
Dayton wires on the Chevy, why are you not tryna roll?
Don't you know they already fuck me, I'm a made man
Maids in the mansion clean them up, out here

Oh
As the city lights up the night
I feel so
Good cause I did it my way
And I know
That I'm just livin' the life of girls and gold
And I feel so good
Cause I did it my way

I can see the darkness in me and its quite amazing
Life and death is no mystery and I wanna taste it
Step inside of my mind and you'll find
Curiosity, animosity, high philosophy like the prophesied meditation
Reminisce on my wonder years and I wonder yah
Sentiments of my words ain't been so sincere
The sentiment of my nerves that I just persevere
The big thought of fallin' off disappeared to my fate
They say that Heaven's real
Analyze my demise, I say I'm super anxious
Recognize I deprive this fear and then embrace it
Vandalizing these walls only if they could talk
Conversations don't contemplate to my dark thoughts
Lookin' down on my soul now
Tell me I'm in control now
Tell me I can live long and I can live wrong and I can live right
And I can sing songs and I can unite with you that I love, you that I like
Look at my life and tell me I fight
This that final destination, this that find some information
This that find some inspiration, this that crack, the instillation
This that consciousness sharpening and fist pump and that bomb detonation
Please don't bomb my nation, embalming fluid waiting
I got mind control when I'm here, you gon' hate me when I'm gone
Ain't no blood pumpin' no fear, I got hope inside of my bones
This that life beyond your own life, this say this go for mankind
This that outer-body experience, no coincidence you been died
You are dead

Say you will never ever catch me, no, no, no

Ay, new freezer
You know what it was when you signed up, ay
Dat way, yuh, yuh, yeah dat way

My bitch too foreign, need a visa (ooh) I don't need her (huh?)
Pull up drop top with a eater (skrrt) two seater (skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (AP, ice) new freezer (ice)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (bands)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (yuh)
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (bitch) I don't need her (huh?)
Pull up drop top with a eater (yeah) two seater (skrrt, skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (bitch) new freezer (new freezer)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (new freezer)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (dat way)

Ooh, money way (money)
Diamonds, flexin' (flex! woo)
I woke up rich, spend a grip on a necklace (yuh)
I put the plug on three way (plug)
Maserati go speed race (yeah)
Drop a baby on a bitch face (woah)
More ice flexin' this way (ice)
We put the world on the wave (the wave)
Don't give a fuck 'cause I'm paid (woo)
More Act in a lemonade (Act)
The pharmacy knowin' my name (my name)
I fuck that bitch cause she bougie (she bougie)
She suck my dick in the movies (yuh)
Trap jumpin' like 23
She a foreign lil' freak (freak)

My bitch too foreign, need a visa (woo) I don't need her (bitch)
Pull up drop top with a eater (skrrt) two seater (skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (AP, ice) new freezer (ice)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (bands)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (woo)
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (bitch) I don't need her
Pull up drop top with a eater (yeah) two seater (skrrt, skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (bitch) new freezer (woah)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (what up?)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (ooh, yuh, yuh)

Big shot, hollup, wait
Peanut butter insides
Look, outisde
Cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Rule of the day, get a view every day
Get a bitch with a tan by the pool every day
Get a clique with a plan, give a jewel every day
I never sleep, I gotta eat, I gotta dance
I Milly Rock when I get that advance
How can I shop with like 64 M's?
Talkin' to Top about business again
He want a lot with new Bentleys again
I want some top from like two sets of twins
Twinny twin twins, yeah, yeah
Ay, bitch, bitch, where your friends? Yeah, yeah
Hol' up, switch, hol' up, she want in, yeah, yeah
Ball 'em in, fallin' in bundles of flowers like Parliament
Never know, big dawg like ours

My bitch too foreign, need a visa (woo) I don't need her (bitch)
Pull up drop top with a eater (skrrt) two seater (skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (AP, ice) new freezer (ice)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (bands)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (woo)
My bitch too foreign, need a visa (bitch) I don't need her
Pull up drop top with a eater (yeah) two seater (skrrt, skrrt)
New bitch wanna fuck to my AP (bitch) new freezer (woah)
I woke up thinkin' 'bout bands (what up?)
Hop off a jet to a check when I land (ooh, yuh, yuh)

I love the way you, put it on your eyes
The roses on your face, light up the sky
Those lips are colorful all of the time
And girl that's fine, but I wanna know do you mind
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day) today
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
And girl that's fine but I wanna know do you mind

I know she bout to ask me how she look
I tell her beautiful, and how long it took
For you to put it on, it was early in the morn'
She resembled a model out of a Mac book
Concentrating on the way the eyeliner thickens
I stand behind her and try to figure her vision
Of prettiness, the wittiness, of colors on her skin tone
Her complexion in a direction I've outgrown
Damn girl, why so much?
You bout to blow your cover when you cover up
Don't you know your imperfections
Is a wonderful blessing
From heaven, is where you got it from
I love your smile, you can do it without style
From your lips, all the way to your eyebrows
It's the beauty in her but when the makeup occur
I don't see it, all I see is a blur

I love the way you, put it on your eyes
The roses on your face, light up the sky
Those lips are colorful all of the time
And girl that's fine, but I wanna know do you mind
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day) today
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
And girl that's fine but I wanna know do you mind (mind, mind, mind, mind)

I know she bout to ask me how she look
I tell her beautiful and how long it took
For you to put it on it was early in the morn'
She resembled a model out of a Mac book
(Concentrating on the way my) eyeliner thickens
(He stand behind me and try to) figure her vision
(Of prettiness, the wittiness of colors on my skin tone)
(My complexion in a direction) I've outgrown
(I feel like it's not enough)
(I can never put on too much makeup)
(Yeah I know) your imperfections
(I be constantly stressing, from him is where I get it from)
(They tell me I need to) smile
(At least once in a while)
(I hate my lips, my nose, my) eyebrows
(It's the beauty in me)
(But what he don't see, is that I had a black...)
To be continued eleven

Ladies and gentlemen
And you ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
You ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
You ain't gotta get drunk to have fun
You ain't gotta get drunk to have fun (have fun)

I love the way you, put it on your eyes
The roses on your face, light up the sky
Those lips are colorful all of the time
And girl that's fine, but I wanna know do you mind
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day) today
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
No makeup today (day, day, day, day)
And girl that's fine but I wanna know do you mind (mind, mind, mind, mind)

20 plus years of selling Johnson & Johnson
I started out as a baby face monster
No wonder there's diaper rash on my conscience
My teething ring was numbed by the nonsense
Gem Star razor and a dinner plate
Arm and hammer and a mason jar, that's my dinner date
Then crack the window in the kitchen, let it ventilate
Cause I let it sizzle on the stove like a minute steak
Nigga, I was crack in the school zone
Two beepers on me, Starter jacket that was two toned
Four lockers, four different bitches got their mule on
Black Ferris Bueller, cutting school with his jewels on
Couldn't do wrong with a chest full of chains and a arm full of watches
What I sell for pain in the hood, I'm a doctor
Zhivago tried to fight the urge like Ivan Drago
If he dies he dies, like Doughboy to Tre
If he rides he rides, Throwing punches in the room
If he cries he cries, we don't drink away the pain
When a nigga die we add a link to the chain
Inscribe a nigga name in your flesh
We playing on a higher game of chess
Once you delegate his bills who's gone fuck his bitch the best?
A million megapixels of the Pyrex
Started on the scale digital, my only Timex
Nigga, this is timeless, simply cause it's honest
Pure as the fumes that be fucking with my sinus
Nigga this is Simon says, Simon red
Blood on your diamonds til you dying, dead, yah!

You better change what comes out your speaker

You wanna see a dead body?
Instrumentals from my mama's Christmas party
Troubles on my mind, I still smell crime
My little brother crying
Smokers repeatedly buying my Sega Genesis
Either that or my auntie was stealing it
Hit the pipe and start feeling it
Oh wee, cut me some slack, weed never did that
This was different, geez, Louise please help me relax
Quantum physics could never show you the world I was in
When I was ten
Back when nine ounces have got you ten
And nine times out of ten niggas don't pay attention
And when there's tension in the air nines come with extensions
My daddy dumped a quarter piece to a four and a half
Took a L, started selling soap fiends bubble bath
Broke his nails misusing his pinky to treat his nose
Shirt buttoned open, taco meat land on his gold
I said "daddy, one day I'mma get you right with 36 zips
1000 grams of cocaine then your name will be rich
Now you can rock it up or sell it soft as leather interior
Drop some ice cubes in it, Deebo on perimeter"
He said "son, how come you think you be my connect?"
Said "pops, your ass is washed up with all due respect"
He said "well nigga, then show me how it all makes sense"
Go figure, motherfucker, every verse is a brick
Your son dope, nigga
Now reap what you sowed, nigga
Please reap what you sowed, nigga
I was born in '87, my grand daddy a legend
Now the same shit that y'all was smoking is my profession
Let's get it

They must be on the dick of who?

They must be on the dick of who?

Wop
Ear Drummers
Mike WiLL Made-It

Gi-gimme some space
Two styrofoam cups, a pint of some drank
I'm the type of nigga that you meet at the bank
Grade A bitches treatin' me like a saint
This money doin' somethin' to my brain (my brain)
This money doin' somethin' to my ego (my ego)
This drank got me talkin' like Z-Ro
These pills got me feelin' like Neo
And this freak in my ear tryna go
I-I'll turn your crib to a ho house
I'm a rockstar, drank 'til I pass out
Drank 'til I motherfuckin' pass out
Drank, drank 'til I motherfuckin'

Holding on to memories
Hoping they come to life
'Cause underneath the stairs is where we
Poured our first perfect pints
Really wanna know, I'm hoping they come to life
'Cause right there on the stairs is where
We poured our first perfect pints

It's Gucci!
I'm in the trap saran wrappin' with the Vaseline
You know clean lean jump like trampoline
Always vert with the skrrt, rims tangerine
I fell asleep and had a dream ridin' on M.L. King
Two pinky rings, two pints of lean
Two cups, too turnt, two hoes, one me
They were screamin' "Free Gucci", but now that Guwop's free
Blue cheese, no Ranch, hunduns on me
Thirty cars deep, it's like a circus with me
Rae Sremmurd, Gucci Mane, it sounds perfect to me
Now I'm back on top like I'm 'posed to be
But I done poured so many pints that shit got old to me (Wop)

Holding on to memories
Hoping they come to life
'Cause underneath the stairs is where we
Poured our first perfect pints

Kung Fu Kenny, look look
Who the fuck you talkin' to, you ain't me
Salute me when I'm walkin' through, you ain't me
Everything I do is with the extras
Flip me couple million for investments
And my hood love me unconditional
Your hood love you 'cause you on the instrumental though
This rap shit crazy, need the woosah
They screamin' Compton, must be two sides
R.I.P. to Shawty Lo, yeah B. Dot know I'm flexin'
VIP my barrio, 200 on the guest list
I don't like to sugarcoat or politic with yes men
I like me a boujee hoe from Normandie and Western
2017 onto bigger things (bigger things)
I got a smaller team, got a bigger ring (Bigger ring)
Everybody a Crip 'til they black and blue
Everybody a Blood 'til they hemorrhaging
Ah man, Mike WiLL Made-It
Two back to back Spurs, me and Mike WiLL made it
Double park on the curb, I can drive but I'm lazy
Half a pint, whole pint, gassed up, crazy, ay

Holding onto memories
Tossing turning all night (Yeah yeah)
Leaving would be wise, but you know where my heart lies
I be rollin' every time that I arrive

Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it
Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high, hands up high, hands up high
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood
I'm talking 'bout dark room, perfume
Go, go!

I recognize your fragrance (hol' up!)
You ain't never gotta say shit (woo!)
And I know your taste is
A little bit (mmm) high maintenance (ooh)
Everybody else basic
You live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean I write poems in these songs dedicated to you
When you're in the mood for empathy, theres blood in my pen
Better yet where your friends and them?
I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off
Fuck that, pour up plenty of champagne
Cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends and
Y'all curled in that little bitty Range I heard that
She wanna go and party, she wanna go and party
Nigga don't approach her with that Atari
Nigga that ain't good game, homie, sorry
They say conversation, rule a nation, I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs
'less I write it down for real, P.S

You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song

You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song

I really hope you play this
'Cause ol' girl you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs and all these one off vacations
You've been taken
Clearly a lot for me to take in
It don't make sense
Young East African Girl, you too busy fucking with your other man
I was trying to put you on game, put you on a plane
Take you and your mama to the motherland
I could do it, maybe one day
When you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's all right here in the city
And you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
You were so new to this life but God damn you got adjusted
I mean I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin, and your big ass in that sundress (ooh!)
Good God, what you doing that walk for?
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less
And we would talk more
And they say communication save relations, I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write them down for real
P.S

You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song

Every time I write these words they become a taboo
Making sure my punctuation curve, every letter is true
Living my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof
I'm talking poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean you need to hear this
Love is not just a verb, it's you looking in the mirror
Love is not just a verb, it's you looking for a maybe
Call me crazy, We can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common
And what we have common is pain
I mean you need to hear this
Love is not just a verb and I can see power steering
Sex drive when you swerve, I want that interference
It's coherent, I can hear it, mmhmm
That's your heartbeat
It either caught me or it called me, mmhmm
Breathe slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely, yours truly
And right before you go blind
P.S

You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song

If Michael Jackson came alive right now
He'd ask you to smoke one for him
So in his honor
You niggas Spud Webb, coming up short
Think you're Dee Brown, jump if you want
I put it on my momma and her very last nerve
Ricky made off everything I deserved
The square root of a kilo is me nigga
The square root of a kilo is me nigga
Do the math, I'm a motherfucking G nigga

It's all on me now, as you can see now
I'm gon' get this money and I will not be denied
Been shittin' on you fucks a long time, time to pee now
When you finish first they hate you worse, startin to see now
I'm at the round table, where your seat at?
Where your plate, where your lobster, where your sea bass?
We ain't never left, acting like we back
You should see us now taking pictures acting like we rap
This the circle that'll murk you, blackout, short circuit
Somebody show them square ass niggas the first exit
This here reserved for soldiers most definitely
So watch what you say and where you step more carefully
If I fall in the field and ain't no more air for me
Pour some on the ground and put one in the air for me
Tell my enemies fuck 'em, they know already but fuck 'em
Tell 'em again with a middle finger and a chuckle
You don't know nann nigga, nope, uh uh
This famous that'll still throw copper
Cross so heavy crack the tabernacle
Fire the ganja back up
Throw some blow in my tobacco
Then crank the Lac up
One match left, this the last turn
Santeria candles in my sanctuary burn
I'mma earn 'til the last court adjourn
'Til the last gavel drop we gon' have it locked
We gon' have it locked
We gon' have it locked

I'm part of the small percentage of niggas who make it out the ghetto
But niggas tried to pull me back cause misery loves company
It's funny how they come for me when they see me living comfortably
But when I was broke and sleeping on floors they ain't want nothing from me
My future's so bright but my past so ugly
And I just try to correct it all but it all still haunts me
Tried to section off the past but it still haunts me
So I accept what got me here, reflecting in this rocking chair
All this space created, all that hard work it got me here
So what I look like telling a nigga that I shouldn't be here
Power to the people so the people shouldn't live in fear
And I'll be that raising voice and tell the people treat us fair
Warring in the streets tell them soldiers to meet us there
Out in the open all alone, I felt the coldest air
Secluded in my thoughts in fear
No one to talk to, no one there
Not even a voice, not even an ear
No one alive, no one to care
Now I got a power circle, now I'm on a power trip
And they calling me counterfeit cause I ain't gave a coward shit
Stone me, throw me a pile of shit but you won't pull me out of it
It's funny how it comes full circle
Now they wanna be a part of the power circle
They wanna be a part of the power circle

May the wind be at your back
May the bad be in your past
May the kids take all your good
And your wife have class
And you realize your goals
And what's life without grind
Those niggas, yo' niggas?
Hope those niggas real as mine

There's a difference between underrated and hasn't made it
Once you successful they relentlessly giving you hatred
There's no applause for ya and success is hard for ya
There's enemies, envy, with green my niggas, lawnmower
And I'm on tour, Jordan 4's, Tom Ford
And I ain't thugging, they clapping at me, a encore
Got a dark heart, bright mind, make women crazy
I give her D, I throw up two, I call that shit a safety
Shit is crazy when entertainment ain't entertaining
And my inner sanctum need real estate I'm out my cabeza
Jealousy's for the weak, you ain't happy I made it
I be feeling like brother Malcolm just out of the Nation
Allah got us cause if we hollered a lost numbers
I seen hustlers turn cluckers out niggas grandmothers
So shut the fuck up and listen, fuck all them stuck up musicians
My circle small but regardless, my circumference official
My clothes different like quarterbacks at a closed scrimmage
They gon' blitz us but ain't no way that they gon' hit us
I'm so elusive, so my niggas be goin' through it
Guess it's a wrap when your co-defendant make soul music
Cash rule the world -- at least it do with girls
At least it do with churches, seek the truth and true it hurts
If they real, then they real -- my niggas deserve it
And we don't deal with weak squares in this power circle
We don't deal with weak squares in this power circle

I'm like welcome to the power circle
I came a long way, I started with a powdered circle
Clique full of real niggas that'll probably murk you
Cause they about that murder game you do a lot of verbal
Lotta talking, lotta Tweeting, 'til you hear that chopper speaking
Kill my dog, I kill your dog, we tied even, I'd believe it
If you see it then you got it, nigga never give up
Cause if you grindin' you gon' be rich before you can look up
My cousin Knock told me never teach niggas to cook up
Cause you can sell 'em hard for the low and give 'em the hookup
And still make the profit
The streets say I'm the hottest and a nigga still modest
I'm just being honest
Back to the wall, never let 'em get behind us
Mac in my draws fitting right in my designers
Look at my persona, I dreamed it, woke up and conquered
And there was commas after commas, I eat 'em like Benihanas
Put the shrimp over the pasta, the pasta over the lobster
And the lobster over the table, power circle a mafia
Just talkin' money, talkin' money what you talkin' bout?
Probably talkin' bout us, we the only thing to talk about
Cause we the only thing to talk about
Cause we the only thing to talk about

Look inside the eyes of the last Mohicans survived
You won't last a weekend outside
Seen a pastor tweaking, then sunk his teeth in a rock his demise
Later on that evening you heard the grieving of angels that cried
See a demon don't compromise
And so I walk alone with a cross and a diamond stone
I'm a diamond inside the rough that's too mighty for maricons
I might as well put all my killers in YSL
Put my voice on this microphone, put you pussy niggas through hell
Hell's fire, I never lie, you will never grind
I know the priors they running by us when we do crime
I know that section eight wanna discontinue my Moms
When they heard that Ohio state gave me 30 racks in July
Oh Lord, this can't be life, no it can't be life
When they day breaks and you earned them stripes
And you learned that strike
From upstate will adjourn that life and confirm that life
It's good bait for the warden that might get awarded and write
Now your fate can record it denied a reporter replied
The death rate will eventually climb, so eventually I'm
On a track race for the dough before time get a clock that resigns
So about face if it ain't business, I get offended, I mind
Now one fake, I'm a realist in strive, I'm a bilion in five
Well a billion cause the limit is the sky and I live on cloud nine
And I recognize my nemesis gon' try to put a finish in my shine
But pussy, where it hurt you
Life in the power circle

Regardless of how it goes down
Life goes on, am I right?
Tried to warn you niggas
I tried to warn you niggas
It's too late now
Double M-G
Too much cake
Too much power
Too much respect
Bow down, nigga, ugh!

I'm always ready for a war again
Go down that road again
It's all the same
I'm always ready to take a life again
You know I'll ride again
It's all the same (ooh, ooh, ooh)
Tell me who's gon' save me from myself
When this life is all I know
Tell me who's gon' save me from this hell
Without you, I'm all alone

Who gon' pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
'Cause I'm alone, you see
If I'm gon' die for you
If I'm gon' kill for you
Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey

I fight the world, I fight you, I fight myself
I fight God, just tell me how many burdens left
I fight pain and hurricanes, today I wept
I'm tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps
Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets
Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain't relief 
Earthquake, the body drop, the ground breaks
The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface
Who need a hero? (hero)
You need a hero, look in the mirror, there go your hero
Who on the front lines at ground zero? (hero)
My heart don't skip a beat, even when hard times bumps the needle
Mass destruction and mass corruption
The souls are sufferin' men
Clutchin' on deaf ears again, rapture is comin'
It's all prophecy and if I gotta be sacrificed for the greater good, then that's what it gotta be

Who gon' pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
'Cause I'm alone, you see
If I'm gon' die for you
If I'm gon' kill for you
Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey

Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey

Who gon' pray for me?
Take my pain for me?
Save my soul for me?
'Cause I'm alone, you see
If I'm gon' die for you
If I'm gon' kill for you
Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey

Just in case my faith go
I live by my own law
I live by my own law
I live by my own
Just in case my faith go
I live by my own law
I live by my own law
I live by my own

R.I.P it's the remix killer
Mike Jack was alive, I'd remix Thriller
Trap star, bitch, spell it with a big T
Give a damn if I never be a hot MC
Cause I'm a hood nigga, first on everybody's list
Buy the whole club P, don't fuck with no Cris
That average ass watch can't fuck with my wrist
Them average ass hoes can't fuck with my bitch
To the window, to the motherfuckin' wall
Enough money in my jeans to buy a motherfuckin' mall
Got the choppas in the back, bulletproof, that's my Hummer
R.I.P. to the competition, this is my summer

R.I.P I wanna kill the judge
Tryna lock the homie up, they don't feel the thug
I'm thirsty, but I don't give a fuck
Fuckin' with my ex cause I'm still in love
I can teach you how to fuck and how to stack money
I ain't went Hollywood, you just act funny
Girl I know you want this pipe like a crack bummy
Stop playin', I'm tryna hit like a crash dummy

Don't start no shit, it won't be no shit
I can't take yo bitch if I don't see yo bitch
We done seen that snow, Nat Geo bitch
Cancel her and get another like I'm Nino bitch

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

Pull up in this bitch and I'm beamin' and shit
Hundred hoes, hundredfold, this my season and shit
Stomach on belly roll, bitch I'm eatin' and shit
You a vegan and shit, get off my penis and shit
Look a bad bitch, I back that bitch nigga back back
Pull it out the grab bag, turn this ho to Baghdad
Bags on my eyes, I don't sleep much, we up
Bitch I beat the beat up, the homies get you beat up
And R.I.P to p-nut, little Eric
Mossberg, 4 Bent, Compton I live that
Long hair weave with extensions
Glock 17 with extension
Bumpin' Suga Free in the automatic dually
T.V.'s in it like it's '97, watch a porno movie
Holla Chitty Chitty Bang, this is Com-Town gang
Fuck whoever don't like it, lil' K-Dot be the name, bitch

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P. to the V.I.P
I got my lil' niggas in the club, fuck I.D
My niggas kill at will, give you black eyed peas
And the molly make the white girl look Chinese
OHB, my niggas out here ballin'
And all these fake ass artists, y'all niggas out here drawin'
Okay now dearly departed I bought a plane, I departed
And if you started from the bottom gon' and come out the closet
You problematic, I bought them ratchets and automatics
Clip hold 32, I make you feel the Magic
You gon' see the flashes, like you in a pageant
All black suits, and them long Caddys

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P
R.I.P. we just killed the club
Took patron to the head, almost killed a thug

I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really really real

I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they tell
Sweet lullabies that come with a smell
Of a dozen roses flippin' down the green hill
You living in a world that come with plan B
'Cause plan A never relay a guarantee
And plan C never could say just what it was
And your plans only can pan around love
You love him, you love them, you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love red-bottom and gold they say queen
You love hand-bag on the waist of your jean
You love french tip and trip that pay for
You love bank slip that tell you we paid more
You love a good hand whenever the card dealt
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself

I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really really real

I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they fell
Out the sky and your optics? turn stale
Where they mow that's green
I can see you fit the bill
Of living in a world that come with Plan B
Cause Plan A only can make another mistake
And you can't see success coming from plan C
When it all breaks you, you still say you're lovely
And love them and love when you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love fast cars and dead presidents old
You love fast women
You love keepin' control
Of everything you love, you love beef
You love streets, you love runnin', duckin' police
You love your hood, might even love it to death
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?

I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really really real

The reason why I know you very well
Cause we have the same eyes can't you tell
The days I tried to cover up and conceal
My pride, it only made it harder for me to deal
When living in a that come with plan B
A scapegoat cause plan A don't come for free
And plan C just an excuse like because
Or the word "but", but what if I got love
I love them, I love when I love her
I love so much, I love when love hurts
I love first verse cause you're the girl I attract
I love second verse cause your the homie they packed
Burning like a stove top, they love cooking from scratch
I love what the both of you have to offer
In fact, I love it so much
I don't love anything else
But what love got to do with it when I don't love myself
To the point I should hate everything I do love
Should I hate living my life inside the club
Should I hate her for watching me for that reason
Should I hate him for telling me that I'm season
Should I hate them for telling me ball out
Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about
Hatin' all money, power, respect in my will
I'm hatin' the fact that none of that shit make me real

I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really really real

Sing my song, it's all for you

I woke up this morning, I had a boner
I went to sleep last night with no bitch, nigga, I was a loner
I be going through shit, losin' bitches and homies
If I don't make it with this rap shit, nigga, I might be homeless
My moms don't got a job, my pop's checks ain't enough
If ain't bringin' home that money, my whole family is fucked
I swear I move like the mob, I'm watchin' movies too much
If niggas wanted you dead, what would you suggest?
They wonder why I do drugs and hang with thugs
Since I made it the city hated, wait, where is the love?
I ride around with my gun, this is not for fun
I stay protected cause my homie just took one to the lung
Had him on life support, where's the family support?
He knew who shot him, but he ain't even show up in court
Yeah, that's a real G, nigga, he on a kill spree, nigga
The homie popped him so I hope he don't kill me, nigga

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

Now I'm ridin' through traffic with 2Pac blastin'
With a bitch that's irritatin' from all these questions she askin'
Like what bitches I fucked, when, how and where
You ain't my main bitch so why the fuck do you care
That's why bitches get fucked, then turn around and get left
Somebody need to teach them less talk, more sex
I'm pressed when I'm stressed, my granny tell me I'm blessed
Well, why the fuck do Jesus Christ got me goin' through this shit?
Everybody need favors, what happens if I go broke?
Or say I ain't got it, then buy my lolo some new spokes
Right up in your fake setup, fuck you up like some mace
So fuck your handout, give a young nigga some space
Give a nigga some Ace, give me a blunt that's laced
Sprinkle some molly in it, watch me take this shit to my face
The snitch is the shooter, they took time away from his case
Holy shit, oh lawd, where is the world today?

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

I swear this industry shit, to me is one big ass lick
I walk inside of a buildin', tell the A&R; nigga strip
Tell 'em I need all of my chips, my life been known Section 8
I've been a welfare case, AFDC pump fake
Meanwhile I'm grindin' cause drug money ain't like rap money
Four white kilo snow bunny, equal one whole show, dummy
I'm on this tour bus and I'm fucked up, I got a bad call, they killed Braze
They killed Chad my big homie Pup
Puppy eyes in my face, bruh, and I've really been drinkin'
Why the fuck I've really been smokin'?
What the fuck, I'm the sober one
When I'm so stressed out I can't focus
Hideout when I ride out, ski mask with the eyes out
Speed past in the Cutlass-me and little Ocho
And we young nigga hop out
2 tears in a bucket, I feel like fuck it
That's the price of fame, recognize my pain, that's all I know
All alone, but I'm out here though
Call my troops like vamonos
I'm on this tour bus and I'm fucked up
I got a bad call, and it's all bad
Off OG with my OG and some OE, by the tall glass

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
That's why I really be smokin' and I really be drinkin'
I be going through some things, you don't know what I've been thinkin'

Alright, here we go, third take, real quick Ali

Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson with madness, now just imagine the magic
I light to asses, don't ask for your favorite rapper

(He dead) Yessir (Amen) Chuuch
(He dead) I killed him (Amen) Bitch

And this is rigamortis and it's gorgeous when you die
Ali recorded and I'm Morpheus, the Matrix of my mind
I'm out the orbit, you an orphan and a hairdresser combined
I'm on the toilet when I rhyme if you the shit then I decline
I climax where you begin and then I end on Cloud 9
And that's important when you morph into a angel in the sky
And don't be forging all my signatures, my listeners reply and tell me
That you biting style, you got a hell of an appetite
And I'mma be here for a while just buckle up before the ride
Or knuckle up if you could fight, we always making them duck or die
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide
CSI just might investigate this fucking parasite

(He dead, amen) That's what they telling me
Aim it at your celebrity, this is studio felony
Ferragami so many and cool enough for the 70's
Nigga, payback's a bitch and bitch you been living in debt with me
That I more than especially, leave a call on his mother voicemail
To say that he rest in peace, bigger chopper the recipe
Wrestling, that's irrelevant rather rest at your residence
Whistling to the melody couldn't think of a better D
Better be on your P and Q, it's just me Jay Rock, Soul and Q
So the system ain't barbeque, ain't nothing else you can do

(He dead) Yup-yup (Amen) I killed him
(He dead) Haha (Amen) Amen

Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
(He dead) yup-yup (Amen) I know
(He dead) for sure (Amen) Amen

Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
I rapped him and made him Casper, I captured the likes of NASA
My pedigree to fly past ya, I pass the weed to the pastor
We all are sinners, won't you send us to bible study faster
Your hypocrite-esque reaction a blasphemy
I assassin my casualty and it's casually done and tell 'em my salary come
A lump sum of hundreds don't talk to be 'bout no money
The sun is under my feet and I come in peace to compete
I don't run if you rather leap, my statistics go up in weeks
And I go visit the nearest creek and I get busy on many MC
Really ballistic, anybody can see any assistance, everybody done see
Some persistence, recognize I be really too vicious, the permanent beast
And the demolition, breaking up the streets, better partition, better dot your T
And I gon' mention, how the far you see, putting my dick in the rap industry
Everybody bitchin', getting mad at me, recognize Kendrick in the battery
And I'm charged up and the catastrophe is charged up and the audacity
And y'all fucks, never could hassle me and y'all luck, just ran out you'll see

(He dead) Yup-yup (Amen) I know
(He dead) For sure (Amen) Amen

Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson don't ask for your favorite rapper
(He dead) yup-yup (Amen) I know
(He dead) for sure (Amen) Amen

We're far from good
Not good from far
90 miles per hour down Compton Boulevard
With the top down, screaming we don't give a fuck
Drink my 40 ounce of freedom while I roll my blunt
Cause the kids just aint alright

Oh shit nigga
Somethin' bout to happen
Nigga this shit, nigga this sound like 30 keys under the compton court building
Hope the dogs don't smell it

Welcome to vigilante
802s so don't you ask me
I'm hungry my body's antsy
I'll rip through your fucking pantry
Peeling off like a? examine my orchestra
Granny said when I'm old enough
I'll be sure to be all I can be
You niggas Marcus Camby, washed up
Pussy fix ya panties
I'm Mr. Marcus, you gettin' fucked, ugh
You ain't heard nothing harder since Daddy Kane
Take it vain, Vicodins couldn't ease the pain
Lightening bolts hit ya body, you thought it rained
Not a cloud in sight, just the shit that I write strong enough
To stand in front of a traveling freight train
Are you trained, to go against Dracula
Dragging the record industry by my fangs
AK clips, money clips and gold chains
You walk around with a P90 like it's the 90's
Bullet to your temple your homocide'll remind me

Them Compton crip niggas aint nothing to fuck with
Bompton Piru's aint nothing to fuck with
Compton es?'s aint nothin' to fuck with
But they fuck with me and bitch I love it

Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woop
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woopty woop woop
(California dungeons)
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woop
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woopty woop woop
(California dungeons)

Lets hit the county building gotta catch my check
Spend it all to a 40 ounce to the neck
And in retrospect I remember December being the hottest
Squad cars, neighborhood wars and stolen monsters
I tell you mothafuckers that life is full of hydraulics
Up and down, get 64 better know how to drive it
I'm driving on E with no license or registration
Heart racin' racing past johnny because he's racist
1987, the children of Ronald Reagan raped the leaves off your front porch
With a machine blow torch
He blowing on sess, hoping to ease the stress
He copping some blow hoping that it can stretch
New born massacre, hoppin' out the passenger
With calendars cause your date coming
Run 'em down them he gun em down
I'm hoping that you fast enough
Even the legs of Michael Johnson don't mean nothin' because

Them Compton crip niggas aint nothing to fuck with
Bompton Piru's aint nothing to fuck with
Compton es?'s aint nothin' to fuck with
But they fuck with me and bitch I love it

Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woop
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woopty woop woop
(California dungeons)
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woop
Whoopty whoop, woopty woop woopty woop woop
(California dungeons)

Can't detour when you at war with your city
Why run for?
Just ride with me, just die with me
That gun store, right there
When you fight, don't fight fair
Cause you'll never win

Can't detour when you at war with your city
Why run for?
Just ride with me, just die with me
That gun store, right there
When you fight, don't fight fair
Cause you'll never win
Yeah yeah yeah

Woah woah wo-wo-wo-woah
Woah woah wo-wo-wo-woah

I don't read the XXL
Tote the .45 to church, think I'm destined for hell, oh well
Blood tears off the face of my Jesus Piece
It's bloodshed, feel the cracks in my city streets
I'm from the crack of them city streets
Used to sell crack in them city streets, born in Blood nigga
In a coma five days, life of a thug nigga
Momma ain't show, grandma almost pulled the plugged the nigga
Used to pull the gun out, just because of 'cause niggas
Five shots to the head 'cause I'm a Blood nigga
Nothin' brewing but suwoo'ing where the fuck I'm from
You lucky if you make it out of Compton, ask Andre Young
Smell the scent of dead bodies ridin' down Green Leaf
No peace so don't get caught up with no piece
Fuck Fatburger, we cooking that real beef
Momma's mourning they sons, I'm talking real grief
Real funerals of them lost Juveniles
Trying to be generals, be missing your dinner now, huh
Say it's a blessing when you die in ya sleep
'Cause the coroner don't need no sheets, capishe
I'm sayin', stop playing, wrap him up in what he lay in
Fold a nigga arms, now a caskets what he pray in
Compton streets raised me
Can't tell my grandma nothing bout her baby, you crazy

I said she see no evil
She gonna knock it at all
You want to see tomorrow, you promise not to talk
Say we on our way now, I'ma see you again
And when they ask you questions, you just answer
What happened then?
What happened then?

I live this life at a pace that anyone can go
Know your place and dedicate your role, to the faith that you'll die alone
Trace your steps when I do step in a fire of broken bones
And I require my heart's desire and when I reap what I sew
I bought my momma a Benz, my boobie a jag
A cut for my dogs with a roof full of glass
But still I be feeling like none of my light never casts
Out of that black cloud that's been watered down since my first chopper blast
But fuck that, I'm not worried, even when discouraged
Skirt off makin' them hurt off I should have hurt them in a hurry
Dirt off all under my fingers, dirt all of 'em gon' is gone
Shirt off when precesure, resuscitation came early
I need you to keep quiet as a mouse
Which is ironic 'cause rats is what I'm talking about
I'm hearin' the sonics of gun fire
The whispers, the silent cries even though I know it's an eye for an eye

I said she see no evil
She gonna knock it at all
You want to see tomorrow, you promise not to talk
Say we on our way now, I'ma see you again
And when they ask you questions, you just answer
What happened then?
What happened then?

I was born a soldier, ride or die for mine
Tattoo tears and a lawyer trying to get me life
Heaven can you hear me, 'cause I know that Hell can't
So Heaven can you heal, I'm only just a man

You want to go to Compton? Nigga I'll take you there
Hub City bodies get burnt butt-naked here
Respect the code, a nigga's calling from the pen
Colombian neck-ties on the outside from within
And then, your momma never see you again
Casket to never wake up plastered in MAC make-up, huh
Niggas can't hear you talking from the sky
And only five year olds see your ghost when you die, no lie
Karma catches up to all you head honchos
2 Dome shots in that head, Griselda Blanco
Shit get real though inside the Foxhills though
Nigga living that fast life and get killed slow
Ask Wack and Draws if a nigga run the streets
My grandmother's prayers saved you niggas I never wanted peace"
Los Angeles, I'm the motherfucking king here
No first 48 'cause motherfuckers don't sing here

I said she see no evil
She gonna knock it at all
You want to see tomorrow, you promise not to talk
Say we on our way now, I'ma see you again
And when they ask you questions, you just answer
What happened then?
What happened then?

Lord God
I come to you a sinner
And I humbly repent for my sins
I believe that Jesus is Lord
I believe that you raised him from the dead
I will ask that Jesus will come to my life
And be my Lord and Savior
I receive Jesus to take control of my life
And that I may live for him from this day forth
Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood
In Jesus name, Amen

I met her at this house party on El Segundo and Central
She had the credentials of strippers in Atlanta
Ass came with a hump from the jump she was a camel
I want to ride like Arabians
Push an '04 Mercedes-Benz
"Hello my name is Kendrick"
She said "No, you're handsome"
Whispered in my ear, disappeared then found her dancing
Ciara had played in the background
The parade music we made had us all wearing shades now (cool)
"Where you stay?"
She said "Down the street from Dominguez High"
Okay, I know that's borderline Compton or Paramount
"Well is it Compton?"
"No," she replied and quickly start batting her eyes and
I strictly had wanted her thighs around me
Seventeen, with nothing but pussy stuck on my mental
My motive was rather sinful
"What you trying to get into?"
She didn't tell, just gave me her Nextel
Dropped the number, we chirped the whole summer and well

The summer had passed and now I'm liking her
Conversation we having probably enticing her
Who could imagine, maybe my actions would end up wifing her
Love or lust, regardless we'll fuck cause the trife in us
It's deep rooted, the music of being young and dumb
Its never muted, in fact it's much louder where I'm from
We know a lot 'bout each other, her mother was a crack addict
She live with her granny and her younger two brothers
Her favorite cousin Demetrius' reputable
Family history of gang banging did make me skeptical
But not enough to stop me from getting a nut
I wanna come over, what's up?
That's what I told her soon as this episode
Of Martin go off
I'm trying to get off
I was in heat like a cactus, my tactics of being thirsty
Probably could hurt me, but fuck it I got some heart
Grab my momma's keys, hopped in the car, then oh boy

So now I'm down Rosecrans in a Caravan
Passing Alameda, my gas meter in need of a pump
I got enough to get me through the traffic jam
At least I hope cause my pockets broke as a promise man
I'm thinking bout that sex, thinking bout her thighs
Or maybe kissing on her neck, or maybe what positions next
Sent a picture of her titties blowing up my texts
I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette
Enthused by the touch of a woman she's a masseuse
And I'm a professional porn star when off the Goose
I had a fifth in the trunk like Curtis Jackson for ransom
I'm hoping to get her loose like an Uncle Luke Anthem
I'm two blocks away, two hundred and fifty feet
And six steps from where she stay, she waving me 'cross the street
I pulled up a smile on my face, and then I see
Two niggas, two black hoodies, I froze as my phone rang

I ran out of tears when I was eighteen
So nobody made me but the main streets
'Cause too many people think they made me
Well if they really made me, then replace me
Homeless to Forbes list, these niggas bring no stress
I feel like Moses, I feel like I'm chosen
And if you ain't my nigga then your girl single to me
I don't give a damn if a nigga said he knew me
Grew up with no father so nobody ever "son" me
My flow too sick, Kevin Costner couldn't touch me
I know you wish that nobody ever loved me
I feel useless when I'm never making money
Well, this the life we always fantasized
Rich folk problem through a Queen Street nigga's eyes
Every time you see me pulling up in Aventadors
Just know we been grinding on them sidewalks

Sidewalks saved my life
They don't ever lie
Sidewalks saved my life
They showed me all the signs

They don't let me down
But they lead me on
And they don't let me down
But they lead me on
And they lead me on

Say, say say
I come from murder one, brung late night melee
Say, say, say
We hung all summer, sprung mattress with bae bae
Say, say, say
Trippin' off dyke, and my name strike with pay day
Say, say, say
Flippin' blue lighting, tightening, strapped with AK
Say, say, say
OG one, told me one, show me one, eight ways
How to segue
Pussy, power, profit and headache
I reminisce my life innocence
Or life innocent
Or life intimate, with fame
Like limo tint
With light women, dark women in it
Aw Kenny, good game
She wanna hang with a Starboy
The sun and the moon and star, boy
Astronomer, anonymous
I line 'em up, grind 'em up, these nine of us
And five of us have probably fucked
She mollied up, I tallied up all the parts, boy
Twenty legs, arms, head (head)
Head, head, more head (head)
Oh God bless the dead (yeah)
I'm livin' life, high off life
I wear my chokes off to bed
I'm the greatest nigga, why you so scared to say it?
I wanna rock, I wanna rock, I wanna cop more land
I never stop
I wanna quick advance on a bill if it ain't one
Break everything, I'm a hustler, came from

Sidewalks saved my life
Sidewalks saved my life
They don't ever lie
Sidewalks saved my life
Sidewalks saved my life
They showed me all the signs

They don't let me down
But they lead me on
And they don't let me down
But they lead me on
And they lead me on

When the lights shut off
And its my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

I said when the lights shut off
And its my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow
I'm hoping that I can borrow a piece of mind
I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted
I find nothing but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction
Or a reaction of what we consider madness
I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright
And a fight he tried to put up, but the type
Of bullet that stuck had went against his will
As blood spilled on your hands
My plans rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride it's a murderous rhythm
And outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back whispering, "Get em"
I got em, and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality that told my brother not to duck
In actuality it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover
A passion like you and recover
The life that I knew as a young'n
In pajamas and Dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs
Dumb niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child
I'm proud and well devoted
This piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'mma push it, wherever whenever
And I love you cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop I hope --

When the lights shut off
And its my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it section .80, the message resemble Brenda's Got a Baby
Whats crazy was, I was hearin about it
But doubted your ignorance, how could you ever
Just put her on blast and shit
Judging her past and shit
Well it's completely my future
A nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit
And I'mma need that 40 dollars even if I gotta
Fuck, suck and swallow in the parking lot
Gonzales Park, I'm followed by a married man, a father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tingling keys
Matter of fact he my favorite cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes, I run away and never do miss em
See, my hormones just run away and if I can get em back
To where they used to be then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be woman, or better yet a leader
You need her to learn something, then you probably need to beat her
That's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted
But fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit
My sister died in vain, but what point are you trying to gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in?
I'll wait
Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song
Cause I don't need the attention bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away, I'll never fade away
I know my fate, and I'm on the grind for this cake
I'mma get or die trying, I'm eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying
You lying to these motherfuckers, talking about you can help with my story
You can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
Don't ignore me nigga where the fuck is u going nigga, this bullshit...

When the lights shut off
And its my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself
Am I really scared of passing away
If it's today I hope I hear a
Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the holy ghost till it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline
Rake in the cent of a reaper, ensuring that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon
And if I'm doomed, may the wound
Help my mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot
And every day the glass mirror get tougher to watch
I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm sure not why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about
Cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe cause I'm dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the scheme of, wondering when I'mma rest
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that put me
In a direction to speak of something that's realer than the TV screen
By any means, wasn't trying to offend or come between
Her personal life, I was like "it need to be told
Cursing the life of 20 generations after her" so
Exactly would have happened if I hadn't continued rappin
Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four
Fives, I count lives all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry, pray one day you'll be strong
Fighting for your rights, even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Now am I worth it?
Did I put enough work in?

When the lights shut off
And its my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

Tired of running
Tired of hunting
My own kind
But retiring nothing
Tires are steady screeching, the driver is rubbing
Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst

Dope on the corner
Look at the coroner
Daughter is dead
Mother is mourning her
Strayed bullets
AK bullets
Resuscitation was waiting patiently but they couldn't
Bring her back
Who got the footage?
Channel 9
Cameras is looking
It's hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked
Banana clip, split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst

How many sins?
I'm running out
How many sins?
I lost count
Dreams are balled in like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper calling
I'm cottonmouth
Money is power, yours is ours
Lay with a snitch, die with a coward
Hope we get rich, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song
A black flower
I'll show you how to
Dye your thirst
Dye your thirst
Dye your thirst

What are we doing?
Who are we fooling?
Hell is hot, fire is proven
To burn for eternity, return of the student
That never learned how to live right just by how to shoot it
Tired of running, choirs is humming
Tell us to visit, we lying about coming
Now back to business, loading the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is viewed
And the beef is bubbling
It's no discussion, hereditary
All of my cousins
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst
Dying of thirst

Too many sins
I'm running out
Somebody send
Me a well for the drought
See, all I know, is taking notes
On taking this life for granted
Granted, if he provoke
My best days, I stress days (Lord forgive me for all my sins for I not know...)
My best days, I stress days
Say "Fuck the world," my sex slave
Money, pussy and greed was my next crave
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Tired of running, tired of running
Tired of tumbling, tired of running
Tired of tumbling
Back once my momma say
"See a pastor, give me a promise
What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dying of thirst
You dying of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"

I don't need, I don't need nobody
Please shut the front door and walk right in
In the land of the man who rock it hard for them
Super Solo Dolo attack, run into that
If you'd like to know, yes, I am on acid
Who could it be? K-I-D
Searching all day in the streets for DMT
Don't sip it, though it couldn't answer
Drip, drip all day bumpin' MGMT, homie
Watch who you hate on, fam', without the facts
Sad niggas back in the hood bumpin' Ratatat
To me it was a dream, a fiend to understand that
You never seen a nigga like me?
I just tell 'em I'm an oxymoron when I open my mouth
Cause people talk shit before knowing what I'm about
But for sure these Cleveland boys is ill
But pretty soon your gutter bitches wildin' for real, it's such a trip
Hoes around the globe, I'm known to have a fet'
I don't do a thing and these bitches lickin' they lips
Me and Chip reflect on all the hate and jibber jabber
Mmm, you almost got me, but sucker I'm not a sucker
Better get on back
You pussy motherfuckers get the Will Smith smack
And I am not a fronter, better look up the facts
The world know what it be
Mr. Rager, Solo Dolo see me and repeat it

Come, come now, last call, who want some?
It's just me, two bitches and dirty drums
Two lips to kiss, 22 other nuns
God blessed my tongue, God need it for life
Awkward like car rides, twiddling my thumbs
Pondering my next accomplishments
It's condescending to say I won
Two lips, you kiss my ass tonight, huh?

I really want it I need it
Break bread or break fast
Before I blast and break legs, ride past
And they scream out "little Johnny is dead!"
You wish me well, I wish you hell
Eternity, no such thing as time will tell
Infirmary, burn like magnetic combustion
Bad credit with me, and paramedics are hustlin'
What's the definition of water?
Sherm sticks, simply got 'em everywhere you caught us
Turn quick, I don't wanna play this for my daughter
And if my son heard it, probably look at you as his father
I'm proud of myself in a bad way
Halfway house, tell that to me halfway
I'm passin' out, ass whoopin'
Your ass lookin' for Michelle Obama 'til I bang on you
They couldn't

Come, come now, last call, who want some?
It's just me, two bitches and dirty drums
Two lips to kiss, 22 other nuns
God blessed my tongue, God need it for life
Awkward like car rides, twiddling my thumbs
Pondering my next accomplishments
It's condescending to say I won
Two lips, you kiss my ass tonight, huh?

We do not exist in
Any other instant
Here in this dimension
You and I are meant to be
I have waited lifetimes to find you
Now that you're here
I can remind you
Of the things you've been dreamin'
Times two
I promise you
If you just give me 24
Man, all I need is 24 hours
I promise you'll want plenty more
You'll probably be with it forever
So how does it sound
Us on the ground
Giving you my love?
There's no place quite like here
There's no better time than now
You gotta stay ready
There's no place quite like here
There's no better time than now
That's why I stay ready

Tell me find your spot with the warning that I might slip
And when you climb on top that's the ultimate road trip
Ride on my like your Pac got me thinkin' it's 96'
I can rap on some nineties shit, wrap your leggings around my hip
I'm so hip to it tourists want to come speculate
But if I stay monogamous promise this kiss will always taste like candy
And yea, it's obvious momma now probably can't stand me
I'm sure they're tired of this look that you have when you're antsy
We gon' fuck around (Mm) we gon' fuck around
And triple through triplets of babies right now
And that might break the record and no, that don't mean you're fertile
That means we're fucking reckless, plus we don't use protection
I find myself reading old text messages when I'm bored
We find ourselves sexting 'til that connection is restored
I know that sounds immature, but if we never grow up
Then I wish you good luck on the seas that's inside this wall

Come to me
Come, come to me
Look at what you've done to me
You put a gun to me
Then you brought the sun to me

Shine like blood diamonds
Learning to have patience
Only cause you are timeless
The universe energy doesn't lie
And this chemistry is infinity at a million
Times
I wrote a million rhymes to scrabble your
Star power
Now the 24 bars, you get 24 hours

There's no place quite like here
There's no better time than now
You gotta stay ready
There's no place quite like here
There's no better time than now
That's why I stay ready

All that I know is right now
Nothing's for sure but, right now
Gotta get yours like, right now

All that I know is right now
Nothing's for sure but, right now
Gotta get yours like, right now

I been through some shit man
But I be on my shit man
I decided
That what you give
Is what you're given
So I been tryna do it right
I been doin' like
Whatever gets me through the night

What a life

I'm steady always on the go
You steady always on the go
We steady losin' all control

What a life

They say
The truth ain't pretty
But comin' from that pretty mouth
The truth is fitting
'Cause you ain't never talkin' loud
And you know plenty
Yea you know what I'm talkin' bout
'Cause you just get me
Yeah you so pretty

If everything is dipped in gold
Then baby it will never grow
Everything sweet ain't sugar coated

What a lie

What a life
What a life that I've been given
What a life
What a life that I been living
What a life
What a life we die to live in
What a life

Pour up, drank, head shot, drank
Sit down, drank, stand up, drank
Pass out, drank, wake up, drank
Faded, drank, faded, drank

Now I done grew up round some people living their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask back stroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels
Some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular that was my problem
I was in the dark room loud tunes, looking to make a vow soon
That I'mma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup I see the crowd move
Changing by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me

Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it

Pour up, drank, head shot, drank
Sit down, drank, stand up, drank
Pass out, drank, wake up, drank
Faded, drank, faded, drank

Okay, now open your mind up and listen to me, Kendrick
I'm your conscience, if you do not hear me then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now and I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down I'mma drown in some poison abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe
I see the love in her eyes,
I see the feelin' the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrive
This how you capitalize
This is parental advice then apparently,
I'm over influenced by what you are doin' I thought I was doin' the most then someone said to me

Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it

Pour up, drank, head shot, drank
Sit down, drank, stand up, drank
Pass out, drank, wake up, drank
Faded, drank, faded, drank

I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you, bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang
I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you, bang
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang

Nigga why you babysittin' only 2 or 3 shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor I'mma dive in it

Pour up, drank, head shot, drank
Sit down, drank, stand up, drank
Pass out, drank, wake up, drank
Faded, drank, faded, drank

I know this girl
She a real good girl
And she be low-key
Looking like a star
With a real nice car
A Mercedes key
She got a nigga
And she love this nigga
Well, at least I think
Everytime we bark
She pay us no mind
In the middle of the street
She be like

Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas
I'll ride for my nigga
I'll die for my nigga
Fuck them other

Until one day he wasn't acting right
In the middle of the night
She checked his phone, Erica, right
When he plead the fifth, man, it was on
Matter of fact she gone
Matter of fact Tyrone
Was on speed dial, so when she got home
It was going down, she go

Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Sick of lies from her nigga
Fuck that other

I know this girl
She a real hood girl
And she with the shit
Keep her hair tied up
Big bamboos
Mike Jordan kicks with that
Big butt, but when I try
To holla, she gon' resist
In her man she trust
So when I walk by her
She be screaming this

Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas cause
I'm down for my nigga
Fuck them other niggas
I'll ride for my nigga
I'll die for my nigga
Fuck them other

Until one day he wasn't acting right
In the middle of the night
She checked his pockets
Found condoms by Magnum
And the moment they was acknowledged
She popped his eye
Then ran outside
Then started driving
On the passenger side
Homeboy was smiling, she go

Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Fuck that other nigga
When she tired of her nigga
Sick of lies from her nigga
Fuck that other

And so, these girls
These vulnerable girls
Took they men up
Put em in their world
Their vulnerable world
And just like that it was
Only getting they feelings hurt
Tell me how that sound?
They got fed up with the
Biggest question mark
They curious now
Cause when women get sick of men
They think of a big helping hand
To lend each other under cover emotions when lights dim
So when she telling her to come over
It'll be alright
The minute she hit the block
And turn left, she'll be turning dyke, they go

Fuck with other bitches
When they tired of these niggas
Fuck with other bitches
When they tired of these niggas
Fuck with other bitches
On the side cause these niggas

Everything black, I don't want black
I want everything black, I ain't need black
Some white some black, I ain't mean black
I want everything black
Everything black, I don't want black
I want everything black, I ain't need black
Some white some black, I ain't mean black
I want everything black

Six in the morning, fire in the street
Burn baby burn, that's all I wanna see
And sometimes I get off watching you die in vain
It's such a shame they may call me crazy
They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or something but homie you made me
Black don't crack my nigga

I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
Been feeling this way since I was 16, came to my senses
You never liked us anyway, fuck your friendship, I meant it
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm black as the moon, heritage of a small village
Pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide
You hate me don't you?
You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture
You're fuckin' evil I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelins, I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community, makin' a killin'
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga

The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we black
And man a say they put me in a chain, cah' we black
Imagine now, big gold chain full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back
But now we have a big whip, parked pon' the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black
Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that

I'm the biggest hypocrite in 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
I mean it's evident I'm irrelevant to society
That's what you're telling me, penitentiary would only hire me
Curse me till I'm dead
Church me with your fake prophesizing that I'mma be another slave in my head
Institutionalize manipulation and lies
Reciprocation of freedom only live in your eyes
You hate me don't you?
I know you hate me just as much as you hate yourself
Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt
Watchin' me as I pull up, fill up my tank then peel out
Muscle cars like pull ups, show you what these big wheels bout
I'm black and successful, this black man meant to be special
CAT scans on my radar bitch, how can I help you?
How can I tell you that I'm making a killin'?
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga

The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we black
And man a say they put me in a chain, cah' we black
Imagine now, big gold chain full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back
But now we have a big whip, parked pon' the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black
Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that

I'm the biggest hypocrite in 2015
When I finish this if you listenin' I'm sure you will agree
This plot is bigger than me, it's generational hatred
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm black as the heart of a fuckin' Aryan
I'm black as the name of Tyrone and Dareous
Excuse my French but fuck you, no fuck ya'll
That's as blunt as it gets
I know you hate me, don't you?
You hate my people, I can tell because it's threats when I see you
I can tell because your ways deceitful
Know I can tell because you're in love with the Desert Eagle
Thinkin' maliciously, he get a chain then you gone bleed him
It's funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war
Two tribal armies that want to build and destroy
Remind me of these Compton crip gangs that live next door
Beefin' with Piru's, only death settle the score
So don't matter how much I say I like to preach with the Panthers
Or tell Georgia State "Marcus Garvey got all the answers"
Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day
Or eat watermelon, chicken and Kool-Aid on weekdays
Or jump high enough to get Michael Jordan endorsements
Or watch BET cause urban support is important
So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street?
When gang banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me?
Hypocrite!

See any angels in the city

Tell them muthafuckas I'm forever paid, California king
Wrestle gators in the Everglades, drive up out that muthafuckin swamp
In the Escalade so before you put that Red rag
In your pocket I wanna see your fuckin resume
Started off on Ground Zero, then I start to levitate
Rip rappers a new asshole: I never hesitate
Dre Beats on, smoking that chronic just to meditate
I'mma give em hurricanes until another levee break
You niggas is featherweights, I'm Aftermath's heavyweight
Now Dre's weapon of mass destruction is 'bout to detonate
When a nigga Wack found me, shit, I was selling weight
Now a nigga's selling millions, now it's time to celebrate
Performing in front of millions, nigga every race
64 in the '64, now watch the Chevy scrape
4th album, no 5 mics? Then let 'em hate
But I'm not stopping 'til I'm the fucking king in every state

Recognize my life
Ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burning when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright
Cause I want that shot, I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'mma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'mma tie a knot on a downtown building, let it tow behind me tell 'em
They can find me in the dark with the ghetto children look at my heart
Nigga fuck your feelings, this is me

I'm sick of motherfuckers talking about "the West died"
Can't you hear my heart beating?
That's the motherfuckin West side, you test me, you test God
I'm his son, it say in Psalms, you come at me
Then I can split you with this Tommy gun, you won't have no time to run
I'm from the Compton slums and that's how the West ride
I'm from the city where two of the best died
Rest in peace to both of 'em, spit like I'm the ghost of 'em
Damn, I said I spit like I'm the ghost of 'em
Name your top 10, I'm harder than the most of 'em
Matter of fact, shorten your list nigga, top 5
Game, Biggie, Hov, prolly Pac, Nas
No particular order, bet a mil that I slaughter
Serve niggas, give a fuck what you ordered
How dare you niggas pop fly when I'm the nigga
Sold 5 mil out the gate and numbers do not lie

Recognize my life
Ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burning when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright
Cause I want that shot, I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'mma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'mma tie a knot on a downtown building, let it tow behind me tell 'em
They can find me in the dark with the ghetto children look at my heart
Nigga fuck your feelings, this is me

I gave you the Documentary, shit was a classic
Gave you Doctor's Advocate, you ripped it out the package
Came with LAX, since critics said it was average
I was stressed the fuck out, torn between Aftermath and
Geffen, Interscope, now I got you in the scope
Spill the red ink on the paper, it's like my pen is broke
And this is what you all been waiting for
I'm the lost angel knocking on Satan's door
What the fuck y'all take me for? I love you cause you hate me more
I'm Kobe on the Lakers floor, except I give you 84
Shake you like Haiti's floor, walk up on you
Like "what's going on baby boy?" Shots in that Mercedes door
Either I'm crazy, or the black Slim Shady, or
Could that be the reason that Baby said he would pay me more
But I still owe Jimmy one more album
The best the West has ever seen, no disrespect to Calvin

Recognize my life
Ridicule my fight
Give me fuel for the fire burning when I yearn these lights
In the midst of the hieroglyphs my fingertips start to write
Get familiar with Cartwright
Cause I want that shot, I'm a raging bull when the needle drops
For the record, I'mma wreck it, even if my record don't pop
I'mma tie a knot on a downtown building, let it tow behind me tell 'em
They can find me in the dark with the ghetto children look at my heart
Nigga fuck your feelings, this is me

Kendrick, and I wear pendant on my shoulder, soldier
Like a lieutenant, and the coupe tinted got pulled over
Johnny always lock a nigga down
Knowing damn well we don't wanna see the box like Manny Pacquiao
Little nigga Mayweather size, ride like Pac
In his prime, thug life is now on radar
Til the federal come through and raid ours
Reminiscing when the LA Raiders
Was in my home, snapback fitted on my uncle's dome
And I don't condone dickriding, I'm addicted to
Westsiding, living in a city where the skinny niggas die
And the semi bullets fly, but it turn me to a lion
Trying, and I mean that shit
Game came through, put the city on his back
I was in the city with a nigga, had seen that shit
"Compton!", a nigga gotta scream that shit
Never went commercial, never T.V. screened that shit
Can't block or screen that shit, now everybody sing that shit

Uh-oh, running out of breath, but I
Oh, I, I got stamina
Uh-oh, running now, I close my eyes
Well, oh, I got stamina
And uh-oh, I see another mountain to climb
But I, I, I got stamina
Uh-oh, I need another lover, be mine
Cause I, I, I got stamina

Don't give up, I won't give up
Don't give up, no no no
Don't give up, I won't give up
Don't give up, no no no

I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive
I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest
The greatest, the greatest alive
The greatest, the greatest alive

Well, uh-oh, running out of breath, but I
Oh, I, I got stamina
Uh-oh, running now, I close my eyes
But, oh oh, I got stamina
And oh yeah, running through the waves of love
But I, I got stamina
And oh yeah, I'm running and I've just enough
And uh-oh, I got stamina

Don't give up, I won't give up
Don't give up, no no no
Don't give up, I won't give up
Don't give up, no no no

I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive
I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest
The greatest, the greatest alive
The greatest, the greatest alive (oh oh)

Oh-oh, I got stamina (ooh hoo ooh)
Oh-oh, I got stamina (ooh hoo ooh)
Oh-oh, I got stamina (ooh hoo ooh)
Oh-oh, I got stamina (ooh hoo)

Ay, I am the truth
Ay, I am the wisdom of the fallen, I'm the youth
Ay, I am the greatest
Ay, this is the proof
Ay, I work hard, pray hard, pay dues, ay
I transform with pressure, I'm hands-on with effort
I fell twice before, my bounce back was special
Letdowns'll get you, and the critics will test you
But the strong'll survive, another scar may bless you, ah

Don't give up (no no), I won't give up (no no)
Don't give up, no no no (nah)
Don't give up, I won't give up
Don't give up, no no no

I'm free to be the greatest, I'm alive
I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest
The greatest, the greatest alive (don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, no no no)
The greatest, the greatest alive (don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, no no no)

The greatest, the greatest alive (don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, no no no)
The greatest, the greatest alive (don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, no no no)
The greatest, the greatest alive (don't give up, don't give up, don't give up, no no no)
The greatest, the greatest alive (I got stamina)
The greatest, the greatest alive (I got stamina)
The greatest, the greatest alive (I got stamina)

Fuck your love, motherfuck your love
That's what Sir John say
You can laugh all you want but he's right as hell
Cupid's ain't around these days
I've heard many stories about how he made people all around the world fall in love
Well I got a call just the other day
Telling me where Cupid was

Cupid's too busy in the club
At the bar
Rolling up
And if you see him, let him know
Love is gone
I know, I'm sure
Boys and girls

The responsibility lies on me
Since Cupid ain't around
And when y'all really feeling like you're falling in love
When my music put's you right on down
And everybody (I see)
And I know (I know)
Some people really think they in love
But now without a love song
Something's gone way wrong

Cupid's too busy in the club
At the bar
Rolling up
And if you see him, let him know
Love is gone
I know I'm sure
Boys and girls

As I play out the Commodores, my faith destroyed
My heart don't work, I'm unemployed
The feeling is void, don't know what I need
Some pussy, some paper, some counseling
Maybe some Henny, some weed
I'm looking for you, I'm checking for her
I'm parking lot pimpin', I'm honking at women, I'm all on the curb
Skrt, skrt, skrt, pump my brake, pump my brake
Mini skirt, skirt, skirt, don't walk away, walk away
I'm fishing for compliments
This is a fairy tale, I know you very well
Fuck all your promises, I know what time it is
I'm just a realist, I am the realest
Reality is fatality cursed on the future for family, wife and some kids
I'm looking for you, I'm checking for her
I'm parking lot pimpin', I'm honking at women, I'm all on the curb
Skrt, skrt, skrt, pump your brake, pump your brake
Mini skirt, skirt, skirt, don't walk away, walk away

Cupid's too busy in the club
At the bar
Rolling up
And if you see him, let him know
Love is gone
I know I'm sure
Boys and girls

DJ Khaled!
And you know it don't stop, grindin' round that clock
Masterminding my second album, my first album just dropped
Scored a touchdown on my first down, niggas thought I was gon' flop
See I hustle like my momma but I look just like my pops
And we still duckin' cops, ride round and takin' shots
Hennessy for my enemies, niggas know I'm takin' they spot
'Cause that score up on the play clock, show just how I came from way back
Just like T-I-P told you ASAP but you niggas rappin' like Aesop, Aesop get a grip
Oh that's your dream car? Nigga that's my old whip
Oh that's your dream girl? Nigga that's my old bitch
Oh that's your new flow? Nigga that's my old shit!
This that new Krit shit, that Cole shit, them country niggas

One for the money, two for the show
Three for them hoes saying anything goes
They say they ready for whatever!
They say they ready for whatever
I been around the world, twice to be exact
Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back
They say they ready for whatever!
They say they ready for whatever

Shawty look what we got, my bass beat and it knock
Got the old school in my old school was to post up on yo block
Yo broad chose like she was supposed to and you up in arms 'cause she bopped
I hate to say it but I got to say that I wish that they would just stop
So fuck these haters, fuck these hoes that ain't slammin' doors on they drop
Y'all niggas too young to remember how to the south used to be but I'm not
So when it come to snappin', Cadillacs, SpottieOttieDopaliscious, y'all pop
You thought Krit Wuz Here and R4 were the shit, bitch wait til my album drop (get 'em cuh)
Say that's yo' new car? Nigga that's my old slab
Say that's yo' new bitch? Nigga that's my old stab
Oh that's yo new flow? That shit sound so trash
This that new KRIT shit, that Cole shit, them country niggas

Hol' up, but don't forget about Compton nigga
One for the money, two for the show
Three for no limit and the rest for death row
That means I been bout it bout it and this is the realist shit I ever wrote
And if anyone ever doubt it then they are the loudest of liars I know
I only desire to blow, she only desire to blow
And I hope that my dick is a whistling flute, and that's not the instrumental
Now pick up my coat
You let that motherfucker drag like RuPaul, I'll drag your ass to the floor
Bitch, I can admit, I'm a recovered addict, paraphernalia that is
Telling the doctor I'm sick, head doctor I'm needing your lips, yea
Proper analogy for it, if I can afford it then I won't ignore it, clear
Cop me a palace and Porsche and right when I floor it that's when I switch gears
Living my life on Uranus, uh, keeping one foot in your anus, uh
The other foot all on your neck, repeatedly stomp 'til I break it, uh
Bitch I'm demanding respect, these bitches is telling me take it
DJ Khaled, even if I had callus, holding the torch ain't no challenge, ain't it

One for the money, two for the show
Three for them hoes saying anything goes
They say they ready for whatever!
They say they ready for whatever
I been around the world, twice to be exact
Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back
They say they ready for whatever!
They say they ready for whatever (for whatever, for whatever, for whatever)

New shit, new Kung Fu Kenny

I got so many theories and suspicions
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions
Today is the day I follow my intuition
Keep the family close, get money, fuck bitches
I double parked the Aston in the red
My mama told me that I'ma work myself to death
My girl told me don't let these hoes get in my head
My world been ecstatic, I checked the signal that read

Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

Interviews wanna know my thoughts and opinions
Fox News wanna use my name for percentage
My latest muse is my niece, she worth livin'
See me on the TV and scream: "That's Uncle Kendrick!"
Yeah, that's the business
Somebody tell Geraldo this nigga got some ambition
I'm not a politician, I'm not 'bout a religion
I'm a Israelite, don't call me Black no mo'
That word is only a color, it ain't facts no mo'
My cousin called, my cousin Carl Duckworth
Said know my worth
And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed
I know he walks the Earth
But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah
Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah
First on my list, I can't resist, yah
Everyone together now, know that we forever

Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

YOLO

YOLO, you only live once

The battle cry of a generation
This life is a precious gift
So don't get too crazy
It's not worth the risk

You know that we are still young
So don't be dumb
Don't trust anyone
Cause you only live once

Ugh, you only live once
That's the motto
So take a chill pill
Ease off the throttle

Never go to loud clubs
Cause it's bad for your ears
Your friends will all be sorry
When they can't hear

And stay the hell away from drugs
Cause they're not legal
Then bury all your money in the backyard
Like a beagle

'Cause you should never trust a bank
They've been known to fail
And never travel by car, a bus
Boat or by rail

And don't travel by plane
And don't travel at all
Built a bomb shelter basement
With titanium walls

And wear titanium suits
In case pianos fall on ya
And never go in saunas
Cause they're crawlin' with piranhas

And never take the stairs
'Cause they're often unsafe
You only live once
Don't let it go to waste

You know that we are still young
So hold off on the fun
Cook your meat 'til it's done
Cause you only live once

Yeah
And here's another piece of advice
Stay away from kids
Cause their hair is filled with mad lice

There's no such thing
As too much Purell
This a cautionary tale
Word to George Orwell

So don't 1980 force
Any plugs into sockets
Always wear a chastity belt
And triple lock it

Then hire a taster
Make him check your food for poison
And if you think your mailman is a spy
Then destroy him

No blankets or pajamas
They can choke you in your sleep
Two words about furniture
Killing machines

Board your windows up
The sun is bad for your health
And always wear a straight jacket
So your safe from yourself

Take no chances (no chances)
Stop freelancin' (right now)
Invest in your future
Don't dilute your finances (uh huh)
401K, make sure it's low risk
Then get some real estate (how much?)
4.2% thirty year mortgage
That's important, that's a great deal
And if you can't afford it
Don't forge it on your last bill
Renting is for suckers right now
A dependable savings
And you'll retire with money in your account
Beast

YOLO, say no no
Isolate yourself
And just roll solo
Be care-folo
You oughta look out
Also stands for YOLO

You know that we are still young
Burn the prints off your thumbs
Then pull out all your teeth
So you can't bite your tongue

Only on this earth for a short time, time
So don't go outside, cause you don't want to die, die

Just take our advice and hide
And scream YOLO to the sky

You oughta look out

Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah)

Is your house big? Is your car nice?
Is your girl fine? Fuck her all night
Is you well paid? Is your shows packed?
If your soul played, would they know that?
How the thug life? How the love life?
How the work load? Is your buzz right?
Is the trap out? Is the club right?
Got your head right? Boy, yeah right

Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah)

Pretty women wanna slit the wrist
Pretty women wanna be a rich man's bitch
Pretty women wanna couple kids
Pretty women wanna new ass, new lips
Pretty women wanna push a Benz
Come correct and she won't let you in
Dumbing through the you get checks again
Diamonds on your neck is dumb pretend

Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah)

Got it under me that you change with direction
Your face in
Got it under me that tells me you are blocking with deficiency
Your placing
You're pretend to get a better idea about the lifestyle
Your tracing
Keep pretending that you're real until I free something that's erased

Pop 'til it's faking
Pop 'til the wrist pop
Pop 'til he shaking
Pop like four on the floor been in rotation
No allegation
Popular demand, I understand my name is only for conversation
New York nigga be like "dead ass"
L.A. nigga be like "on the dead homies"
I was out the Porsch like Fed-Ex
Two-Eleven got bread on me
K-Dot twilight like the side passed
Roll like fried rice and power shrimp
Temporary pimp, nah, don't remember them
Just canary yellow him jumping out the fucking gym
Swang like new Dame and Wayne
Paint like two David Wayne's with tie early
Fade like shadows, a stallion, cattle
A bitches decision for you, it's narrow
Collision, the money, and fame, the pharaoh
The physicist, the chemist, the lame
Collateral for Kendrick whenever exchange
Compatible for riches with more to gain
A sad nigga? Yeah right
I don't fair fight but I bear fight
Looking for my next roll kill for the headlight
Even though my last four Q's for the highlights
My life, highlight, house wife, bye, bye

Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right)
Boy yeah right, yeah right, yeah right
(Boy yeah)

Study long, study wrong, nigga
Hey, y'all close that front door, ya'll let flies in this motherfucker
Close that door!
My OG up in this motherfucker right now
My pops man with the bottle in his hand, actin' a fool
Hey, hey, babe check it out
Imma tell you what my mama had said, she like

I could spot you a mile away
I could see your insecurities written all on your face
So predictable your words, I know what you gonna say
Who you foolin'? Oh, you assuming you can just come and hang
With the homies but your level of realness ain't the same
Circus acts only attract those that entertain
Small talk, we know that it's all talk
We live in the Laugh Factory every time they mention your name

Askin', "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin', "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got to burn your stash to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

And the world don't respect you and the culture don't accept you
But you think it's all love
And the girls gon' neglect you once your parody is done
Reputation can't protect you if you never had one
Jealousy (complex), emotional (complex)
Self-pity (complex), under oath (complex)
The loudest one in the room, nigga, that's a complex
Let me put it back in proper context

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

Askin', "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin', "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got to burn your stash to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie

What do you got to offer?
Tell me before you we off ya, put you deep in the coffin
Been allergic to talkin', been aversion to bullshit
Instead of dreamin' the auction, tell me just who your boss is
Niggas be fugazie, bitches be fugazie
This is for fugazie niggas and bitches who make habitual line babies, bless them little hearts
You can never persuade me
You can never relate me to him, to her, or that to them
Or you, the truth you love to bend
In the back, in the bed, on the floor, that's your ho
On the couch, in the mouth, I'll be out, really though
So loud, rich niggas got low money
And loud, broke niggas got no money
The irony behind it is so funny
And I seen it all this past year
Pass on some advice we feel

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear

"Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!"

"Man down
Where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"

Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighing on your brain
It was Me, O-Boog[?], and Yaya[?], YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, waving your hand out the window. Check yo self
Uh, warriors and Conans
Hope euphoria can slow dance with society
The driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where hang out
Now this is not a tape recording saying that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin at him different
That was back when I was nine
Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine
We adapt to crime, pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin up you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump
Pickin' off you suckers, suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from
AK's, AR's, "Aye y'all. Duck."
That's what momma said when we was eatin the free lunch
Aw man, God damn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94. Fuck yo truce
Now crawl yo head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just pieces
BG's up to pre-approve, bodies on top of bodies
IV's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley
Make sure your colors correct
Make sure you're corporate, or they'll be calling your mother collect
They say the governor collect, all of our taxes except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a Tec
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
M.A.A.d city

"Man down
Where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"

If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear

"Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!

Wake yo punk ass up!
It ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea
Real simple and plain
I'mma teach you some lessons about the street
It ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea
How we do

Fresh outta school cause I was a high school grad
Sleeping in the living room in my momma's pad
Reality struck I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole two nigga's hopped out on foot and dashed
My Pops said I needed a job I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leaving
In fact I got fired because I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foaming at the mouth
I was straight tweaking the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleeding
You know the reasons but still won't ever know my life
Kendrick AKA Compton's human sacrifice

Cocaine, weed
Nigga's been mixing shit since the 80's loc
Sherm sticks, butt nakeds
Make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis
I'm still in the hood
Loc yeah that's cool
The hood took me under so I follow the rules
But yeah that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doing the same thing
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-bys in the hood lately
Couple of IV's with the fucking spray can
Shots in the crowd then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, harsh turn brave
Mount up regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip
Trip, we in the hood still
So loc, grab a strap cause yeah, it's so real
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where motherfuckers stand

If I told you I killed a nigga at 16, would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick that you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now & Laters to eat
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of being a lawyer or doctor
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul de sac hostage
Kill them all if they gossip, the Children of the Corn
They realizing the option of living a lie, drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinking and drive, hit the powder then watch this flame
That arrive in his eye; this a coward, the concept is aim and
They bang it and slide out that bitch with deposits
And the price on his head, the tithes probably go to the projects
I live inside the belly of the rough
Compton, U.S.A. made me an angel on angel dust, what

Come here, girl
Oh, you want me to touch you right there?
Oh, like a little lamb, play in your hair
Oh you want it? Oh you want it right now
Like that? I got you baby
All on you baby
Push it back on daddy
Push it back on daddy baby

I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory, life is
I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory
Life is long as infinity this was the final calling
No birds chirping or flying, no dogs barking
We all nervous and crying, moving in caution
In disbeliefs our believe's the reason for all this
The tallest building plummet, cracking and crumbling
The ground is shaking, swallowing young woman
With a baby, daisies, and other flowers burning in destruction
The smell is disgusting, the heat is unbearable
Preachers touching on boys run for cover, they paranoid
Rapists and murderers hurdle alleys
Valleys and high places turn into dust
Famous screaming in agony
Atheists for suicide, planes falling out the sky
Trains jumping off the track, mothers yelling "he's alive"
Backpedaling christians settling for forgiveness
Evidence all around us the town is covered in fishes
Ocean water dried out, fire burning more tires out
Tabernacle and city capital turned inside out
Public bathroom, college classroom's been deserted
Another trumpet has sounded off and everyone heard it
(It's happening) no more running from world wars
(It's happening) no more discriminating the poor
(It's happening) no more bad bitches and real niggas
Wishing for green and gold the last taste of allure
I swore I seen it vividly
A moniker of war from heaven that play the symphony
Thunder like number four, then I heard
"What have you did for me"
I fell to my knees, pulled out my resume
That dated back to June 17th, 1987
My paperwork was like a receipt
I was valedictorian, I was fearful of judgment
But confident I had glory in all my past endeavors
Close my eyes pray to god that I live forever
Dark skies, fire and brimstone some of us sent home
Some of us never did wrong but still went to hell
Geez Louise I thought you said that I excel
I made To Pimp a Butterfly 'fore you told me
To use my vocals to save man-kind for you
Say I didn't try for you, say I didn't ride for you
I tied for you, I pushed the club to the side for you
Who love you like I love you?
Crucifix, tell me you can fix
Anytime I need, I'mma start jotting everything in my diary
Never would you lie to me
Always camaraderie, I can see, our days been numbered
Revelation greatest as we hearing the last trumpet
All man, child, woman, life completely went in reverse
I guess I'm running in place trying to make it to church

Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yo' cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Whatever makes all of you happy in this bitch
Just take it all back before the light switch

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Hit all the girls I want and make sure my niggas right
And my family live that life

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Wonderin' if I could live it all in one life
'Cause it could all end in one night

As I look up to the sky
I thought about a 100 things to do before I die

Couple niggas on the hitlist and bitches on a different type
Same shit different nights, till I live a different life
Sean you looking tired, damn homie that's all
I've been stressin' so hard I'm surprised I aint going bald
Haters praying I fall, move back in with my moms
Take online classes and turn back into ya'll, hatin'
I guess they want your lights out when you the plug
Niggas wanna catch you slippin like they pulled the rug
From where they move the drugs, buddha love
Niggas sleepin with that mac and I aint talkin' bout computer love
All the wrong people you a price tag
Now you pray to god hoping that you got a christ tag
Make it where I'm from, stay who I become
Time to raise hell, say nay my son
Taking elevators straight up out the slums to a penthouse view
And have the fam there too

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Hit all the girls I want and make sure my niggas right
And my family live that life

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Wonderin' if I could live it all in one life
'Cause it could all end in one night

As I look up to the sky
I thought about a 100 things to do before I die

If I just stop breathin', even though I got all this muthafuckin' money
Wont keep my heart beatin'
Just don't let me die
Wake me up
You can't catch me dreamin'
Bout all of this muthafuckin' money
Cocaine rush, I'm speedin'
Cocaine rush

I'm just a detroit nigga, nothing extra about me
I go extra hard at the first second you doubt me
I strive for perfection at the same time
I'm accepting the fact that there'll never be nothing perfect about me
Shit, I'm just waiting on a win
Come up with better hooks, the hoes'll take it on the chin
We are 6 mile bred, that's why you see our sick style yeah
Crackhouse flow with a pit downstairs
Momma happy at me, daddy happy at me
The baddest chick is yonking, imagine this yapping at me
5 years ago I was in tears in the back of a paddy wagon
Now I'm cali swaggin'
My nigga listen, I'm over the fame
You number 1, I'm 23, my mission is take over the game
You rollin' with lames, we aint rollin' the same
I'm the best out in this muthafucker
If I could get a check out of this muthafucka big enough to set my kids up for life
I could check out of this muthafucka, with no regrets
If you aint living your life for ya kids, I aint giving yo ass no respect
(Sean, I love you my nigga, I'm out)

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Hit all the girls I want and make sure my niggas right
And my family live that life

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Wonderin' if I could live it all in one life
'Cause it could all end in one night

As I look up to the sky
I thought about a 100 things to do before I die

I gotta break ya fuckin' heart
I gotta climb these fuckin' charts (I gotta climb)
I gotta do something that's innovative
Creative just to create a legacy before death do us part
I gotta spend one summer in Tijuana with tia and tia's momma
Breakfast in bed is head with plenty of carne asada (I gotta)
I gotta find me a wife to elope (I gotta)
I got a fine, cause I ain't wanna vote, I promise
I know the history of those who died for the rights for me to survive
But those who lied to the minority will make 'em turn inside they grave
I can easily pretend like yall, but that's not me
I gotta spread the truth even when the truth can hurt the youth
Need to know every detail about this earth, the devil controls it
So before you scrutinize how I feel ask god if those polls important
The end is near!

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Hit all the girls I want and make sure my niggas right
And my family live that life

As I look up to the sky
Thought about a 100 things to do before I die
Wonderin' if I could live it all in one life
'Cause it could all end in one night

As I look up to the sky
I thought about a 100 things to do before I die

Fuck that, eight doobies to the face
Fuck that. twelve bottles in the case nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half, wait nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist

Man, I swear my nigga trippin off that shit again
Pick him up, then I set him in
Cold water, then I order someone to bring him Vicodin
Hope to take the pain away
From the feeling that he feel today
You know when you part of section 80
And you feeling like no one can relate
'Cause you are, you are
A loner, loner
Marijuana, endorphins make you stronger, stronger
I'm in the house party trippin' off
My generation sippin' cough syrup like its water
Never no pancakes in the kitchen
Man, no wonder our lives is caught up in the daily superstition
That the world is 'bout to end who gives a fuck? We never do listen
Unless it comes with an 808, a melody and some hoes
Playstation and some drank, technology bumping soul
Looking around and all I see is a big crowd, that's product of me
And they probably relatives relevant for a rebel's dream
Yep, the president is black
She black too, purple label on her back but that dap
Is light blue, she take it straight to the head
Then she look at me, she got ADHD

Eight doobies to the face
Fuck that, nigga twelve bottles in the case nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half, wait nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist like, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

And then she started
And then she started feeling herself like no on else in this apartment
Beg you pardon oh, I rap baby, how old are you?
She say twenty-two, I say twenty-three, ok, then we all crack babies
Damn, why you say that?
She said, "Where my drink at?"
I'mma tell you later, just tell your neighbors have the police relax
I stood up, shut the blinds closed the screen, Jumbotron
Made it to the back, where she reside
Then she said, read between the lines
Yep, hope that I get close enough when the lights turn down
And the fact that she just might open up when the new flow start to drown
Her body and I, know the both of us really deep in the move now
It's nothing we can do now
Somebody walked in with a pound
Of that Bay Area kush
She looked at me then looked
At it, then she grabbed it then she said, get it understood
You know why we crack babies
Because we born in the 80's that ADHD crazy

Eight doobies to the face
Fuck that nigga twelve bottles in the case nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half, wait nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist like whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

You can have all my shine
I'll give you the light
Double cup, deuce, four, six
Just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy, 'shrooms, blow, dro, hoes
Whatever you like
You can have all my shine
I'll give you the light

See I'm an A1 type of guy
I crush A1 hoes (true)
Rock A1 clothes (true)
Drive A1 whips (true)
And still pour A1 sauce on my shit
I come from the bottom

Crushing all these hoes, rocking all this ice
Selling all these O's, nigga, I done did that twice
So I'm just riding round in my Rolls, about to get on my bike
Just to touchdown in my hood and I put that on my life
I'm like yeah nigga, I'm there nigga, I ball hard all year, nigga
My diamonds all clear, smack my chain you dead nigga
I don't know what you heard, and I don't know what you thought
But all my dogs they murk, and all my dogs go hard, fuck that
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna
Ass like Nicki, but she yellow like Madonna
I take her to the mall, buy her all types of designers
YSL, fly Chanel, all that Dolce & Gabbana
I jump right back like 36, lean hard when I turn the whip
If I ain't have my rap deal, then I still be serving bricks
So I kill a pussy, I murder shit, homicide on shorty
My gold Role cost 60 racks, my rose gold cost 40

I get A1 money, I'm an A1 nigga
Got a A1 swagger, I'm getting A1 bitches
I just bought me a Rollie, you can skate on nigga
If they don't love it, they hate it, well get your hate on nigga
'Cause I got A1 everything, A1 everything
A1 everything, I get A1 everything
I got A1 credit, A1 hoes
I drive A1 whips, and I rock A1 clothes

Pray to God I washed my hand, but I be damned
2012, 100 racks to Uncle Sam
A 24 year old millionaire
Don't read the contract 'less a mill in there
A1 credit, park my car bowlegged
I got a bus full of bitches, I call it Jerome Bettis
I grab my dick in the picture, your ho be cropping the image
I let you scrape off the dishes, we eating nigga, I'll finish it
Then come right back, hope you insomniac
Sleep on me if you wanna take a dirt nap
Bitch I'm talking ca-ca-ca-ca then more ca-ca-ca-ca
Hit your roof until I pop your top up
Then more ca-ca-ca-ca, til I know I gotcha
Ballin like I'm baldin', then I see Jordan in the mirror
Nigga that's flawless VVS, CC text me what you wearing
Puttin my all inside your bitch, I grip her hips thats power steering
About to hydroplane when I board that plane and land inside the building

I get A1 money, I'm an A1 nigga
Got a A1 swagger, I'm getting A1 bitches
I just bought me a Rollie, you can skate on nigga
If they don't love it, they hate it, well get your hate on nigga
'Cause I got A1 everything, A1 everything
A1 everything, I get A1 everything
I got A1 credit, A1 hoes
I drive A1 whips, and I rock A1 clothes

Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you?
I know the feeling haunt you

This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer

Tell me what you gon' do to me
Confrontation ain't nothin' new to me
You can bring a bullet, bring a sword
Bring a morgue, but you can't bring the truth to me
Fuck you and all your expectations
I don't even want your congratulations
I recognize your false confidence and calculated promises all in your conversation
I hate people that feel entitled
Look at me crazy 'cause I ain't invite you
Oh, you important?
You the moral to the story, you endorsing?
Motherfucker, I don't even like you
Corrupt a man's heart with a gift
That's how you find out who you dealin' with
A small percentage, who I'm building with
I want the credit if I'm losing or I'm winning
On my momma that's the realest shit

Girl, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you?
I know the feeling haunt you

This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer

Skin covered in ego
Get to talkin', I get involved, like a rebound
No control, no off switch in the way that you bringing me down
It's a turn on, get it away from me
Know you mean wrong, keep away from me
And it's all wrong, get it away from me, yeah
I just cry for no reason, I just pray for no reason
I just thank for the life, for the day, for the hours and another life breathin'
I did it all 'cause it feel good
You could live it all if you feel bad
Better live your life
We are running out of time

Love, let's talk about love
Is it anything and everything you hoped for?
Or do the feeling haunt you?
I know the feeling haunt you

This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer
This maybe the night that my dreams might let me know
All the stars are closer, all the stars are closer, all the stars are closer

Alls my life I has to fight, nigga
Alls my life I
Hard times like God
Bad trips like: "God!"
Nazareth, I'm fucked up
Homie you fucked up
But if God got us we then gon' be alright

Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin' at me for the pay cut
Behind my side we lookin' at you from the face down
What mac-11 even boom with the bass down
Schemin'! And let me tell you bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
What pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my mama I love her but this what I like
Lord knows, 20 of 'em in my Chevy
Tell 'em all to come and get me, reapin' everything I sow
So my karma come and Heaven no preliminary hearing
So my record and my motherfucking gang can stand in silence for the record
Tell the world I know it's too late
The hoes, the girls think I gone crazy
Try and fight my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say

When you know, we been hurt, been down before, nigga
When my pride was low, lookin' at the world like, "where do we go, nigga?"
And we hate Popo, wanna kill us dead in the street for sure, nigga
I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow but we gon' be alright

Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

What you want, a house or a car
40 acres and a mule, a piano a guitar
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Motherfucker you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it I know when it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Thinkin' of my partner put the candy, paint it on the regal
Diggin' in my pocket ain't a profit, big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic, get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I see cool
If I got it then you know you got it, Heaven, I can reach you
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog that's all
Pick back and chat I shut the back for y'all
I rap, I'm black, on track and rest assured
My rights, my wrongs are right till I'm right with God

When you know, we been hurt, been down before, nigga
When my pride was low, lookin' at the world like, "where do we go, nigga?"
And we hate Popo, wanna kill us dead in the street for sure, nigga
I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak and my gun might blow but we gon' be alright

Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin' me is complicated
Too afraid, a lot of changes
I'm alright and you're a favorite
Dark nights in my prayers

I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct, the evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers

If you leave this time I feel that you'll be gone for good, so
And I hold on like leaves and fall to what is left
Said her father left her young and
He said he'll be back with that same
Song that you just said you'll stay forever with

It seems that all the autumn leaves are falling
I feel like you're the only reason for it
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
It's safe to say you're the only reason for it

I've been bleeding in your silence
I feel safer in your violence
I hold on like leaves and fall to what is left
Before I sleep I talk to God
He must be mad with me, it's coming
I'm confused who I'll spend my forever with, oh

It seems that all the autumn leaves are falling
I feel like you're the only reason for it
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do

So the iceberg never broke
And I poked at it and I poked at it and I poked at it
And I poke and I poke and I poked at it
But it stayed stagnant then I poked at it some more, some more
And in my notepad, man I wrote and I wrote
If I don't have it, if I don't grab it
If it don't chip then a toe tag is, one last
I'mma hope, I'mma hope so the iceberg don't float
If I do manage to do damage to you dammit
It'd be grand, it's ten grammies or my granite still standing
With a note, a note that read "granted, don't you panic"
When you make mistakes the most, the most
One day it'll make you grow, you grow
When you outlandish and you lose manners
To God you shall consult, consult
When the bright cameras are still cramming
In your face and it provoke, provoke
You to act manic, just stay planted
'Cause you reapin' what you sowed
Keep positivity in your heart and
Keep a noose from 'round your throat and
When you get mad and when you poke at it
When you poke it at just know, man
The iceberg is a reflection of you when you re-new your vision
Just think if it had sunk Titanic, what the fuck would you do to a critic, my nigga?
Yeah, yeah, tell me, when doves cry do you hear 'em love? (Do you hear 'em love)
Do you hear 'em?
And if my ship go down tell me who will abort?
And they won't let me live even when we mustard the gift
When it gon' rejoice and forgive, tell me how I stay positive
When they never see good in me
Even though I got hood in me
Don't mean he won't redeem me, Lord

It seems that all the autumn leaves are falling
I feel like you're the only reason for it
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do
All the things you do

The hardest thing for me to do
Is to get you to know me
Within sixteen bars
That's the hardest thing

Who is K. Dot? A young nigga from Compton
On the curb writing raps next to a gunshot
On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell
The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled
Everyone I knew was either crip or piru
Cousins in elementary, relatives in high school
With that being said, each one of their rivals
Was aiming something at my head, I needed survival
Got jumped, got jacked, shot at, shot back
And I don't even push a line, I'm just tryna push these rhymes
In the midst of staying neutral and discrete
My momma said you're judged by the company you keep
But what you can consider, that if it goes down
They'll kill you if you kill me, it gets deep nigga
So if you ask what I'm doing
I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's blue-and, real talk, and

This is why they fuck with me
Real talk nigga, believe it
This is why they fuck with me
Do what I do, y'know?
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (know that)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

I was walking from Centennial
When an unidentified vehicle rolled up, and I was like hol' up
Where you from? (I don't bang)
Where you stay? (Westside) that's a piru gang to be exact
Well aware they had blue across they hat
Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac
Shots rang out, hoping to God I wasn't wet
Crossed to cross Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet
Chirped the homies on the I-95, they said they already knew
What happened, and meet 'em outside the garage
Never seen that many guns in my life
I was paranoid like a fiend in the night, but needed revenge
Grabbed the nine-ball, opened up the door, then got in
Somebody said fall back, we gon' make these niggas suffer
You my brother like a frat, and that's just to remind you
Thought about that so long I had failed my finals, fuck, but

This is why they fuck with me
I told you, nigga
This is why they fuck with me
You fake, nigga
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (you fake)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I do everyday life music
Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it
You say you through, but I've been through it, now that's cold
And this is for my county building children
In Hub City on hubcaps, no power-steering
I use perseverance in this mad city
Where the niggas drink Remy and hold semis for cutthroats
Bernie Mac died, it's no joke
Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves
Seven grams of weed, you smoke that, but I'm high off life
I could fall out the sky like twice
And land in the land of the AKs
And the minivans where the fan never on
'Cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms in a straitjacket
In other words, we get it cracking, but I keep it cool, y'know?

This is why they fuck with me
This is why they fuck with me (real talk)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (c'mon)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

So there you have it
But I'mma leave you with this
An O.G. once told me
A real gangster is either dead or in jail
Or behind the scenes getting real money, I'm gone

Is it wickedness?
Is it weakness?
You decide
Are we gonna live or die?

So I was takin' a walk the other day
And I seen a woman, a blind woman
Pacin' up and down the sidewalk
She seemed to be a bit frustrated
As if she had dropped somethin' and
Havin' a hard time findin' it
So after watchin' her struggle for a while
I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know?

"Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance?
It seems to me that you have lost something
I would like to help you find it"

She replied
"Oh yes, you have lost something, you've lost your life"

Is it wickedness?

Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views

Uh, Lamar stated his views on police brutality with that line in the song
Quote "and we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'"
Oh please, ugh, I don't like it

Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream

All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy two hours

Goddamn I feel amazing, damn I'm in the matrix
My mind is living on cloud nine and this nine is never on vacation
Start up that Maserati and VROOM VROOM! I'm racing
Poppin' pills in the lobby and I pray they don't find her naked
And I pray you niggas is Satan, shooters go after Judas
Jesus Christ if I live life on my knees, ain't no need to do this
Park it in front of Lueders, next to that Church's Chicken
All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winners, screaming

All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for 72 hours

Goddamn I got bitches (okay!) damn I got bitches (okay!)
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers

I've got twenty five lighters on my dresser, yes sir
Put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
And it make me cum fast but I never get embarrassed
And I recognize you have what I've been wanting since that record
That Adina Howard had pop it fast to impress her
She rollin' I'm holding my scrotum imposing
This voice here is golden so fuck y'all I goes in and

All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy two hours

Damn I got bitches, damn I got bitches
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or nigga

It's go time
I roll in dough with a good grind
And I run at ho with a baton
That's a relay race with a bouquet
They say, "K, you goin' marry mines?"
Beeotch! (no way) Beeotch! (no way)
Beeotch! (no way) Beeotch!
Okay, I'm never living life confined
It's a failure even if I'm blind
I can tell ya who what when where how
To sell ya game right on time
Beeotch! (go play) Beeotch! (go play)
Beeotch! (go play) Beeotch!
I look like OJ, killing everything from pussy to a mothafuckin' Hit-Boy beat
She pussy poppin' and I got options like an audible, I be
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win then ball at your defeat
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city mobbin' in the street, yellin'

All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy two hours

Goddamn I got bitches (okay!) damn I got bitches (okay!)
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers

Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream

'Cause baby now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them
You made a really deep cut
And baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Did you have to do this?
I was thinking that you could be trusted
Did you have to ruin what was shining now it's all rusted
Did you have to hit me where I'm weak baby I couldn't breathe
I rubbed it in so deep
Salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me
Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times
You and I

'Cause baby now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them
You made a really deep cut
And baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Did you think we'd be fine?
Still got scars on my back from your knife
So don't think it's in the past
These kind of wounds they last and they last
Now did you think it all through?
All these things will catch up to you
And time can heal but this won't
So if you come in my way, just don't
Oh, it's so sad to think about the good times
You and I

'Cause baby now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them
You made a really deep cut
And baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Band-aids don't fix bullet holes
You say sorry just for show
You live like that, you live with ghosts (Ghosts)
Band-aids don't fix bullet holes (Hey!)
You say sorry just for show (Hey!)
You live like that, you live with ghosts (Hey!)
Hm, if you love like that blood runs bad

'Cause baby now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done
'Cause baby now we got bad blood

(Hey!) Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them (Think we can solve them)
You made a really deep cut
And baby now we got bad blood

('Cause now we got bad blood) 'Cause baby now we got bad blood
You know it used to be mad love
So take a look at what you've done (Look at what you've done)
'Cause baby now we got bad blood (Woah)
Now we got problems
And I don't think we can solve them
You made a really deep cut
And baby now we got bad blood (Hey!)

Wakanda, welcome

Big shot, hol' up, wait, peanut butter insides (no)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah
Big shot, big shot, (hol' on, hol' on), peanut butter insides (hol' on)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah

Serve that work for Kung-Fu Kenny
Got juice, got work, got weight, got plenty
Got them, got her, got more, got Benji (yeah)
Top off gettin' topped-off in the city
Big Top Dawg and I dance on 'em like Diddy
Pop off and I pop back like Fiddy (yeah)
I hit the ceiling and forgot about the floor (yeah)
Brand so big, got my haters on the ropes (yeah)
This be the wave, plus I live on the coast (yeah)
When I touch a bag, young nigga do the most (yeah)
Mmm, woo, and I Wakanda flex
And you know what time it is (yeah)
But don't know what grindin' is
Baby, I care, baby, I swear
Only one real nigga here
Only two real niggas here (yeah)

Big shot, hol' up, wait, peanut butter insides (no)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah
Big shot, big shot, (hol' on, hol' on), peanut butter insides (hol' on)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah

Big shots (yeah)
Purped up, syrup'd up, nigga, like Pimp C
Flight suit, 'bouta slide down space city
Top down, she down under like Iggy (yeah, it's lit)
Lockjaw when the night-call too litty
Knockoff, get your rocks off, got plenty
Got rocks, got Jay's, got 'Ye, got Lenny (yeah)
I need my engine, she need extensions (yeah)
Don't be the center-attention, just play your position (straight up)
Got my life on a yacht mission 'cause they been a vision (yeah, yeah)
Runnin' through these waves like I'm Moses out the booth
Hop out the trees, whippin' a frog and it leap
Foggy, can't breathe, Vacheron over Philippe (alright)
Out in the street (yeah), chill with the gang, make it sweet
Big shots, yeah (do-do-do-do)
Forget your name like I'm Steve

Big shot, hol' up, wait, peanut butter insides (no)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah
Big shot, big shot, (hol' on, hol' on), peanut butter insides (hol' on)
Outside, cocaine white, body look like Gentiles (Gentiles)
Emotional, 'motional, 'motional, 'motional
Why you emotional? Why you emotional?
Ah, bitch, you emotional, yeah

I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe

Look inside my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
Look inside of your soul and you can find doubt, it never exists
I can feel the changes
I can feel a new life
I always knew life can be dangerous
I can say that I like a challenge and you to me is painless
You don't know what pain is
How can I paint this picture
When the color blind is hanging with ya
Fell on my face and I woke with a scar
Another mistake living deep in my heart
Buried on top of my sleeve in a flick
I can admit that it did look like yours
Why you resent every making of this
Tell me your purpose is petty again
But even a small lighter can burn a bridge
Even a small lighter can burn a bridge

I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check, with all disrespect let me say this

I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe

I'm trying to keep it alive and not compromise the feeling we love
You trying to keep it deprived and only co-sign what radio does
And I'm looking right past ya
We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world, you living behind the mirror
I know what you scared of, the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital, I know you had to
This shit is vital, I know you had to
Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain
Is way more believable, give me a feasible gain
Rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know this is something you can blame
On yourselves you can remain, stuck in a box
Ima break out and then hide every lock
Ima break out and then hide every lock

I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check, with all disrespect let me say this

I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe

You ain't heard a chorus like this in a long time
Don't you see that long line
And they waiting on Kendrick like the 1st and the 15th
3's in the air I can see you are - in sync
Hide your feelings, hide your feelings now what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Walk out the door and they scream it's alive
My new year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfucking much, I got my drink I got my music
I say bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe

So I'm saying "What up what up. Nigga you made it."
So I'm saying "What up what up. Nigga you made it."
So I'm saying "What up what up. Nigga you made it."
So I'm saying "What up what up. Nigga I hate it."
So I'm saying "What up what up. Nigga I hate it."

Frustrated and I'm riding down the back streets
Making my conscious ask me
"Would I survive to make it up out this hole in time?"
Black boy fly
Black boy fly
Black-black boy fly
Black boy fly

I used to be jealous of Aaron Afflalo
I used to be jealous of Aaron Afflalo
He was the one to follow
He was the only leader foreseeing brighter tomorrows
He would live in the gym
We was living in sorrow
Total envy of him
He made his dream become a reality
Actually making it possible to swim
His way out of Compton with further more to accomplish
Graduate with honors, a sponsor of basketball scholars
It's 2004 and I'm watching him score thirty
Remember vividly how them victory points had hurt me
'Cause every basket was a reaction or a reminder
That we was just moving backwards
The bungalow where you find us
The art of us ditching classes heading nowhere fast
Stick my head inside the study hall, he focused on math
Determination ambition, plus dedication and wisdom
Qualities he was given was the shit we didn't have
Dug inside of his book bag and Coach Palmer asked for his finals
He had his back like a spinal meanwhile
We singing the same old song spinning the vinyl
Eleven graders gone wrong
He focused on the NBA we focused on some Patron
Now watch that black boy fly

Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy

I used to jealous of Jayceon
I used to jealous of Jayceon, Taylor when I was young
Taylor made a career out of music from writing songs
A Buick had driven past bumping him when I mowed the lawn
Money laundering hustling, homies pondering up against
Schemes to make a million even if doing you harm
War's the case and just in case you wasn't alarmed
The city had fought with firearms and many had died before dawn
Its 2004 and I'm hearing the people roar
For the name of The Game they line in front of the store
Swap meets selling our mixtapes I'm like oh shit, wait
Don't wanna be another nigga stuck regretting mistakes
Mixed feelings was my opinion I was defending my insecurities
Chillin' my conscience next to a villain
Compton made you believe success wasn't real
Be honest, none of us knew of a record deal
So as I peel through these lottery tickets
I see a Harley Davidson truck visit the same plaza we shopped
A tall nigga hopped out with Jordan's and a white tank top
He was top of the rap game, we was the top of the block
So watch that black boy fly

Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy fly
Watch that black boy fly
Black boy

My mama didn't raise me up to be jealous hearted
Like most of the winners call it
Regardless of where you stay, hold your head and continue marching
That's what she said but in my head I wanted to be like Jordan
A boy touring the country with money from mic recording
The only way out the ghetto, you know the stereotype
Shooting hoops or live on the stereo like top forty
And shortly, I got discouraged
Like every time I walked to the corner had them guns bursting
Nigga, I was rehearsing in repetition the phrase
Only one in a million will ever see better days
Especially when the crime waves was bigger than tsunamis
Break your boogie boards to pieces you just a typical homie
All these niggas facetious and they all standing beside me
They all will buy me a chopper if any one of you try me
What am I to do when every neighborhood is an obstacle
When two niggas making it out had never sounded logical
Three niggas making it out, that's mission impossible
So I never believed the type of performance that I can do
I wasn't jealous 'cause of the talents they got
I was terrified they'll be the last black boys to fly
Out of Compton

Thank God
Black boy fly, watch that black boy fly

Riding with them boys and girls and we're high (high)
All we want to do is have a good time (time)
Young wild and reckless is how we live life (life)

Pray that we make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, whoa

We make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, oh

Riding with them boys and girls and we're high (high)
All we want to do is have a good time (time)
Young wild and reckless is how we live life (life)

Pray that we make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, whoa

We make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, oh

I'm glad we were able to talk about her vice and her evils
There's a more important topic I'd like to discuss
The dysfunctional bastards of the Ronald Reagan Era
Young men that learned to do everything spiteful

This is your generation, live fast and die young
Who's willing to explain this story?

Riding with them boys and girls and we're high (high)
All we want to do is have a good time (time)
Young wild and reckless is how we live life (life)

Pray that we make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, whoa

We make it to twenty one (one, one, one)
Whoa, oh

Riding with them boys and girls and we're high (high)
All we want to do is have a good time (time)
Young wild and reckless is how we live life (life)

Pray that we make it to twenty one (one, one, one)

I'm the only nigga doin' it
You other niggas ruined it
I'm too legit, go Hammer wit' the foolishness
My nana said my grandma can maneuver this industry
Until I'm stupid rich and now I'm stupid rich, ah
Even if she go away, even if she go away
Assumin' this is what they humor is
To Pimp a Butterfly my newest shit
Effective rumor is the way I proven it

I'm a classic man
You can be mean when you look this clean, I'm a classic man
Callin' on me like a young O.G, I'm a classic man
Your needs get met by the street, elegant old-fashioned man
Yeah, baby, I'm a classic man

I burn through the hood like, "Whoa"
When everybody's feeling so cold
I cool like Nat King Cole and niggas get a bit of my glow
I got charm like a leprechaun, mamafucker
Now y'all fucking with the wrong mamafucker
Treat me like a don, mamafucker
And we don't live by the law, mamafucker

Even if she go away, even if she go away

I'm a classic man
You can be mean when you look this clean, I'm a classic man
Callin' on me like a young O.G, I'm a classic man
Your needs get met by the street, elegant old-fashioned man
Yeah, baby, I'm a classic man

(Classic man) That's on my mama though
I got piranha flow, fuckin' up your designer clothes
(Casket man) Where be your rapper's angle?
Bunch of subliminal bitches, I'd rather fingerbang 'em
Oh, ke-mo sah-bee, pray to God nobody try me
Catch a body over nothin', Top couldn't even stop me
I got key to my city, I got key to California
I might legalize your homicide and mourn marijuana
Let my daddy smoke his weed, only thing they keep on Philly
I ain't got no jewelry on me, bitch, I got the jewelry in me
Oh, shit, let me talk my shit, I always been the shit
This ain't overnight, they love me now like they loved me then
I know what I like, I eat the pussy for my nourishment
I know how to cherish it
I know how to decorate your wall and further furnish it
I'm a burn your shit down, this is what the furnace is
I'm a turn your shit around wit' some friendly services
Ain't no nervousness like I'm ratchet or conservative
And that's affirmative
All I do is lay-up and face up my big bills
And paste up, got no chill for fake ones, like, for real, they say

I'm a classic man
You can be mean when you look this clean, I'm a classic man
Callin' on me like a young O.G, I'm a classic man
Your needs get met by the street, elegant old-fashioned man
Yeah, baby, I'm a classic man

Keep my gloves dirty but my hands clean
Got to keep the business in the family
Bread when I'm fillin' up the pantry
Now my niggas slang 'caine like a dandy
I tell you how it go
You pull out rubber bands, I pull out an envelope
The ladies on my elbow ain't for the show
Every madam on my team is a top general, oh
Got to be ready for war (War)
Should they get into my door? (Door)
Get 'em, we'll get 'em, I know that we'll get 'em
Cause I lived through this shit before, oh

I'm a classic man
You can be mean when you look this clean, I'm a classic man
Callin' on me like a young O.G, I'm a classic man
Your needs get met by the street, elegant old-fashioned man
Yeah, baby, I'm a classic man

(I'm a classic man) Even if she go away, even if she go away
(I'm a classic man) Even if she go away, even if she go away
I'm a classic man, old-fashioned man

Now everybody serenade the new faith of Kendrick Lamar
This is king Kendrick Lamar
King Kendrick and I meant it, my point intended is raw
Fix your lenses forensics would've told you Kendrick had killed it
Pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us
And I mastered being the master at dodging your honor
And the chapter that read at 25 I would live dormant at 5 in the morning
They raid your spot while Kendrick's performing
And if they take everything, know I got

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

(Ay, Dre what's happenin' wit' it my nigga!)

Still I'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic
Still I'm laughing at the critics talking, I can see 'em gagging
When I'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'bach
With a batch of them bangin' Dre Beats with me, look where I'm at
It's the murder cap' and I'm captain at birthin' this gangsta rap
It's a wrap when I'm done and I come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
To a hundred mil' in a day, bitch I'm from

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

So come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman
Won't you spend a weekend on Rosecrans nigga
Khaki creasing, crime increasing on Rosecrans nigga
Kendrick Conan nigga
Where you sword at, hand on the cross and swore that
I do it big as Rasputia for them shooters
Kama Sutra scream fuck your position and make you hold that
I'm trying to stay grounded like four flats
But I know flats and Piru Crip tats

Will swarm on me like a beehive
Hop in the G ride
From the West to the East side
Know that's just how Compton roll

And that's a given
I pass the blunt then pass the torch of course that's my decision
I crash the Porsche then you report that you see me in Benzes
I must report that we import the narcotics you bought it
(Then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business
I blow up every time we throw up a record
Depending on what you expecting, I'm sure it's bigger than your religion
Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in)

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

So tell that gangster throw his set high
Roll it up in a blunt, I'mma take you on the next high
I did exactly what I wanted that's what made them checks fly
In my direction, you never questioned when I said I
Would be a mogul before I visit 2Pac and Left-eye
Eazy and Aaliyah when I see you we gon' test drive
A Lambo in heaven but for now I'm on the redeye
Flying back to my city cuz I'll forever standby

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

Now we can all celebrate
We can all harvest the rap artists of NWA
America target our rap market, it's controversy and hate
Harsh realities we in made our music translate
To the coke dealers, the hood rich, and the broke niggas that play
With them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay
Roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottles of rozay
This was brought to you by Dre
Now every motherfucker in here say:
"Look who's responsible for taking Compton international
I make 'em holla"

Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
In the city of Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine

Baby, nobody knows a word that you're saying
Your breath is reeking like whiskey
What hair you got left is graying
You're out on my porch yelling, waking the neighbors
Wanting me to come and save you with your aggressive behavior

You're stumbling all over town
You drink till you drown
You keep on threatening to bring me down
You don't make the rules
You drunk old fool
See, you don't scare me, you're just crying wolf

Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy

Breaking my door down when I left the lock open
There ain't much left to be broken
Your flies are wet, then you're soaking
It's like the devil just jumped up in your clothes
he put on your shoes and rolled
Thanks to you, I'm scared to be alone

You're stumbling all over town
You drink till you drown
You keep on threatening to bring me down
You don't make the rules
You drunk old fool
See, you don't scare me, you're just crying wolf

Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, cry, boy
Cry, cry boy
Cry, boy

Nobody knows what you're saying (I mean, you need to)
I know the game that you're playing (I mean, you need to)

Don't forget about us
Don't forget about trust
Don't forget about the kinkiness of playing with the 'cuffs on the bed spring
Penetrate the loud screams, echoing the hallway is the must
I could never let go if I wanna whore
Duck away from your anatomy, the agony is such a pain I could never endure
Even if I had the cure with the pure, sweet morphine touch
I mean, I cannot deny my demise
To lies, that interfere our future
I mean, if I compromise, will you improvise?
Please don't pin no lies
I'm used to you forgiving and then forget the truth
I promise that I'll commit
Vamoose to all of my old ways
I'm done, I live today
A full moon will never exist, I swear

You're stumbling all over town
You drink till you drown
You keep on threatening to bring me down
You don't make the rules
You drunk old fool
See, you don't scare me, you're just crying wolf

Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy
Whoa, whoa, go on and cry, boy

Look, my nigga this is dedication
This is anti and temptation
This a real nigga celebration
This a don blonde declaration
Fifty-Ninth and Fifth Ave, granny house with vanilla wafers
This the remedy, the seperation
2Pac of my generation
Blue pill in the fuckin' Matrix
Red rose in the gray pavement
Young black nigga trapped and he can't change it
Know he a genius, he just can't claim it
'Cause they left him no platforms to explain it
He frustrated so he get faded
But deep down inside he know you can't fade him
How long should I stay dedicated?
How long 'til opportunity meet preparation?
I need some real nigga reparations
Before I run up in your bank just for recreation

Dedication, hard work plus patience
The sum of all my sacrifice, I'm done waitin'
I'm done waitin', told you that I wasn't playin'
Now you hear what I been sayin', dedication
It's dedication, look

I spent my whole life thinkin' out the box
Boxin' homies 301, got DP'ed but I ain't drop
Chirp on me, here I come, brrt, spin around the block
They blurped on me, said I ran a stop sign but that's a lie
I spent my whole life staring at the stage
Playin' Sega, daddy smokin' sherm, mama playin' spades
Catchin' vapors, grandma said I'd get some Jordans for my grades
That's my baby, when she died my heart broke a hundred ways
I spent my whole life tryna make it, tryna chase it
The cycle of a black man divided, tryna break it
You take a loss, shit don't cry about it, just embrace it
Minor setback for major comeback, that's my favorite
My nigga L said you do a song with Nip, K. Dot he a better Crip
I said he a man first, you hear the words out his lips?
About flourishing from the streets to black businesses?
Level four, y'all live and give in to false imprisonment
Listen close my nigga
It's bigger than deuces and fours my nigga
Since elementary we close my nigga
You're straight like that
I give you the game, go back to the turf and give it right back
For generations we been dealt bad hands with bad plans
Prove your dedication by hoppin' out Grand Ams
I'm at the premiere politicking with Top, Nip, and Snoop, damn
Pac watchin' the way we grove, dedication

If it ain't congratulate then it look like hate
If it ain't congratulate then it look what Nipsey? (Hol' up)

Look, this ain't entertainment, it's for niggas on the slave ship
These songs just the spirituals, I swam against them waves with
Ended up on shore to their amazement
I hope the example I set's not contagious
Lock us behind gates but can't tame us
Used to be stay safe, now it's stay dangerous
'Cause ain't no point in playing defense nigga
That's why I dove off the deep end nigga
Without a life jacket
Couple mil, tour the world, dogg my life crackin'
Cook the books, bring it back so it's no taxes
Royalties, publishing, plus I own masters
I'll be damned if I slave for some white crackers
I was mappin' this out, I hit the heights backwards
Hoppin' out the eighty-five in Reebok classics
Ran a couple marathons just to get established
To make it happen, you got to have it

Dedication, hard work plus patience
The sum of all my sacrifice, I'm done waitin'
I'm done waitin', told you that I wasn't playin'
Now you hear what I been sayin', dedication
It's dedication

I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
All you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder and tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cut-throat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Coulda stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go
Don't get it fucked up

Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

Pst, this is about round for them
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (the Pacific)
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water
Listen, listen, listen
All you niggas swimming in the info
Gonna fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
Don't get it fucked up
Naw nigga, now everybody wanna visit
Tryna re-up that prescription (that prescription)
Yup, yeah, re-up
That's my nigga, water colors couldn't even paint the picture
They don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin' children)
I'm the one that got they ear, for many years
I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear
My influence run deep like the ocean
Don't get it fucked up

Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (if you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a life guard when you need one?

Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin' up with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking about no rapping, I was drinking for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No releasing me, I got the beast in me
I gotta holla, keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that bitch on auto pilot (Shit)
I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya, walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up)
Probably got fucked up tryna park his tour bus
Not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A county zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized, banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga this is life in my aquarium
(Don't get it fucked up)

Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at
Nigga, down in the deep water

It makes no difference in this life
Up and ups just fine
Gonna up and up this life
Til' we're go down on our luck

It makes no difference in this life
Up and ups just fine
Gonna up and up this life
Til' the lift gets stuck
Lifting up, lifting up
Lifting up
Coming down, coming down
Coming down
Wake them up, wake them up
To the sound, yeah

They tell you pullover, tell you get out the car (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it
They wanna see your hands, tell you hold up your arms (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it

Right when you're alone
Waiting for your kid's
School bus to arrive (but you know)
They're gonna do it anyway
Reaching for your keys
Wait, is that your phone?
Got a TBI
Wait, is that police?
Get out for what?
I'm not your guy (but you know)
They're gonna do it anyway 
Wife behind the trees
Tryna to tell you don't
They're about to fire

They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway
They're gonna do it anyway

They tell you pullover, tell you get out the car (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it
They wanna see your hands, tell you hold up your arms (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it (Simon says)
Don't do it, don't don't do it

Whoa Ferguson, Oh Baltimore
Raleigh, North Carolina (but you know)
They're gonna do it anyway
Wisconsin, Tulsa, Oklahoma
Cleveland, Ohio
Montgomery, Baton Rouge, Cincinnati car
Dayton, Ohio (but you know)
They're gonna do it anyway
New York, New Jersey, Phoenix, Minnesota
South Carolina 
They gonna do it anyway

They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway
They are gonna do it anyway

You better duck, run fast from the mania
Don't stare, don't laugh at the media
Brake free, press gas when it enter ya'
Don't let it go bad when he ante up
Highway, get out the way
Black man do your great escape
Pac-man wanna prosecute you, raise your hand up, and they'll shoot ya'
Face off, face off Adolf Hitler
Grandkids slayed off
Niggas, same rules, same chalk
Different decade, same law
Keep focus, you wanna get caught with your eyes open
You wanna stay clear of the prognosis
Pride provoked him, watch demotion
Watch em' close enough
Don't let the holster bake or roast ya'
Rollercoaster ride that bitch
Soon the lady's eyes gon' switch
You know Johnny got that itch
How many more of us gotta see the coroner?
Slain by the same badge, stop, wait, brake, fast!

Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it
Don't do it, don't don't do it

I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your f***in' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Hold up! B****es simmer down (uh)
Takin' hella long b**** give it to me now (uh)
Make that thing pop like a semi or a nine
Oh baby like it raw with a shimmy shimmy ya huah!
A$AP get like me
Never met a mother f***er fresh like me
All these motherf***ers wanna dress like me
Put the chrome to your dome make you Sweat like Keith
'Cause I'm the n****, the n**** n****, like how you figure?
Getting figures and f***in' b****es
She rollin swishers for her b****es
I brought my n****s they getting bent up off the liquor
She love my licorice, I let her lick it
They say money make a n**** act n*****-ish
But at least a n**** n**** rich
I be f***in' broads like I be f***in' bored
Turn a dyke b**** out have her f***in' boys, beast!

I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your f***in' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Ooh I know you love it when this beat is on
Make you think about all of the n****s you've been leading on
Make me think about all of the rappers I've been feeding on
Got a feeling that's the same dudes that we speakin' on, oh word?
You ain't heard my album? Who you sleepin' on?
You should print the lyrics out and have a f***ing read-along
Ain't a f***ing sing-along 'less you brought the weed along
Then ju' (OK I got it) then just drop down and get yo' eagle on
Or we can stare up at the stars and put The Beatles on
All that s*** you talkin' bout is not up for discussion
I won't pay to make it bigger I don't pay for no reduction
If it's comin' from a n**** I don't know then I don't trust it
If you comin' for my head then muhf***a' get to bustin'
Yes Lord I don't really say this often but this long dick n**** ain't for the long talkin', I beast!

I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your f***in' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Uh yeah ho this the finale
My pep talk turn into a pep rally
Say she's from the hood but she live inside in the valley now
Vacate in Atlanta, then she going back to Cali mm
Got your girl on my line, world on my line
The irony I f*** 'em at the same damn time
She eyein' me like a n**** don't exist
Girl, I know you want this dick!
Girl, I'm Kendrick Lamar mm
AKA Benz is to me is just a car mm
That mean your friends need to be up to par
See my standards are papered by threesomes tomorrow mm
Kill 'em all dead bodies in the hallway
Don't get involved listen what the crystal ball say
Halle Berry, hallelujah
Holla back I'll do ya, beast!

I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
I love bad b****es that's my f***in' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to f*** I got a f***in' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your f***in' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it hey

(I don't think I can find a way to make it on this earth)
What's up family, yeah it's yo cousin Carl man, just given' you a call man
I know you been havin' a lot on yo mind lately
And I know you feel like ya know people ain't been prayin' for you
But you have to understand this man, that we are a cursed people
Deuteronomy 28:28 says
"The Lord shall smite thee with madness, and blindness
And astonishment of heart."
See family that's why you feel like
You feel like you got a chip on your shoulder
Until you finally get the memo, you will always feel that way

Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Pain in my heart carry burdens full of struggle
Why God, why God do I gotta bleed?
Every stone thrown at you restin' at my feet
Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Earth is no more, why don't you burn this mufucka?

(I don't think I can find a way to make it on this earth)

I beat yo' ass, keep talkin' back
I beat yo' ass, who bought you that?
You stole it, I beat yo' ass if you say that game is broken
I beat yo' ass if you jump on my couch
I beat yo' ass if you walk in this house with tears in your eyes
Runnin' from poopoo and 'prentice
Go back outside, I beat yo' ass, lil nigga
That homework better be finished, I beat yo' ass
Yo' teachers better not be bitchin' 'bout you in class
That pizza better not be wasted, you eat it all
That TV better not be loud if you got it on
Them Jordans better not get dirty when I just bought 'em
Better not hear 'bout you humpin' on Keisha's daughter
Better not hear you got caught up, I beat yo' ass
You better not run to your father, I beat yo' ass
You know my patience runnin' thin
I got beaucoup payments to make
County building's on my ass
Tryna take my food stamps away
I beat yo' ass if you tell them social workers he live here
I beat yo' ass if I beat yo' ass twice and you still here
Seven years old, think you run this house by yourself?
Nigga, you gon' fear me if you don't fear no one else

If I can smoke fear away, I roll that motherfucker up
And then I take two puffs
I'm high now, I'm high now
I'm high now, I'm high now
Life's a bitch, pull them panties to the side now

(I don't think I can find a way to make it on this earth)
I'll prolly die anonymous
I'll prolly die with promises
I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house
I'll prolly die 'cause these colors are standin' out
I'll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin'
I'll prolly die at these house parties, fuckin' with bitches
I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me false accused
I'll prolly die from thinkin' that me and your hood was cool
Or maybe die from pressin' the line, actin' too extra
Or maybe die because these smokers
Are more than desperate
I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges
Body slammed on black and white paint, my bones snappin'
Or maybe die from panic or die from bein' too lax
Or die from waitin' on it, die 'cause I'm movin' too fast
I'll prolly die tryna buy weed at the apartments
I'll prolly die tryna diffuse two homies arguin'
I'll prolly die 'cause that's what you do when you're 17
All worries in a hurry, I wish I controlled things

If I could smoke fear away, I'd roll that mothafucka up
And then I'd take two puffs
I've been hungry all my life
I'm high now, I'm high now
I'm high now, I'm high now
Life's a bitch, pull them panties to the side now, now

When I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear
Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years
My newfound life made all of me magnified
How many accolades do I need to block denial?
The shock value of my success put bolts in me
All this money, is God playin' a joke on me?
Is it for the moment and will he see me as Job?
Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before?
At 27, my biggest fear was losin' it all
Scared to spend money, had me sleepin' from hall to hall
Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin'
30 shows a month and I still won't buy me no Lexus
What is an advisor somebody that's holdin' my checks?
Just to fuck me over and put my finances in debt?
I read a case about Rihanna's accountant and wondered
How did the bad girl feel when she looked at them numbers?
The type of shit'll make me flip out
And just kill somethin', drill somethin'
Get ill and fill ratchets with a lil' somethin'
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck
At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein' judged
How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city
What they say 'bout me reveal
If my reputation would miss me
What they see from me
Would trickle down generations in time
What they hear from me
Would make 'em highlight my simplest lines

I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' creativity
I'm talkin' fear, fear of missin' out on you and me
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' loyalty from pride
'cause my DNA won't let me involve in the light of God
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone
I'm talkin' fear, fear that love ain't livin' here no more
I'm talkin' fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness
Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings
With me so hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back
Fear, what happens on earth stays on earth
And I can't take these feelings with me
So hopefully they disperse
Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax
Wonderin' if I'm livin' through fear or livin' through rap

Damn
Goddamn you
Goddamn me
Goddamn us
Goddamn we
Goddamn us all

Verse two says you only have I known of all the families of the earth
Therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities
So until we come back to these commandments
Until you come back to these commandments
We're gonna be in this place, we're gonna be under this curse
Because he said he's gonna punish us
The so-called Blacks, Hispanics, and Native American Indians
Are the true children of Israel
We are the Israelites according to the Bible
The children of Israel, he's gonna punish us for our iniquities
For our disobedience because we chose to follow other gods
That aren't his son, so the Lord thy God chasten you
So just like you'll chasten your own son
He's gonna chasten you because he loves you
So that's why we get chastised, that's why we're in the position we're in
Until we come back to these laws, statutes and commandments
And do what the Lord said, these curses are gonna be upon us
We're gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live here in today
In the United States of America
I love you, son, and I pray for you
God bless you, shalom

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me

I feel like a chip on my shoulders
I feel like I'm losin' my focus
I feel like I'm losin' my patience
I feel like my thoughts in the basement
Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated
Feel like I don't wanna be bothered
I feel like you may be the problem
I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world
The world is endin', I'm done pretendin'
And fuck you if you get offended
I feel like friends been overrated
I feel like the family been fakin'
I feel like the feelings are changin'
Feel like my daughter compromised and jaded
Feel like you wanna scrutinize how I made it
Feel like I ain't feelin' you all
Feel like removin' myself, no feelings involved
I feel for you, I've been in the field for you
It's real for you, right? Shit, I feel like

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin'

I feel niggas been out of pocket
I feel niggas tappin' they pockets
I feel like debated on who the greatest can stop it
I am legend, I feel like all of y'all is peasants
I feel like all of y'all is desperate
I feel like all it take is a second to feel like
Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic
I ain't feelin' your presence
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson
Feel like only me and the music, though
I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual
I feel like the enemy you should know
Feel like the feelin' of no hope
The feelin' of bad dope
A quarter ounce manipulated from soap
The feelin', the feelin' of false freedom
I'll force-feed 'em the poison that fill 'em up in the prison
I feel like it's just me
Look, I feel like I can't breathe
Look, I feel like I can't sleep
Look, I feel heartless, often off this
Feelin' of fallin', of fallin' apart with
Darkest hours, lost it
Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin'
Streets is talkin', fill in the blanks with coffins
Fill up the banks with dollars
Fill up the graves with fathers
Fill up the babies with bullshit
Internet blogs and pulpit, fill 'em with gossip
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' what 'Pac was
The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin'
But nothin' is awkward, the feelin' won't prosper
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons
Monsters, false prophets schemin'
Sponsors, industry promises
Niggas, bitches, honkies, crackers, Compton
Church, religion, token blacks, and bondage
Lawsuit visits, subpoena served in concert
Fuck your feelings, I mean this for imposters
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us
I can feel it, the dream is more than process
I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness
I can feel it, the scream that haunts our logic
I feel like say somethin', I feel like take somethin'
I feel like skatin' off, I feel like waitin' for 'em
Maybe it's too late for 'em
I feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em
But who the fuck prayin' for me?

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Who prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin'

Fuck you, motherfucker, you a ho-ass nigga
I don't know why you trying to go big, nigga you ain't shit
Walking around like you God's gift to Earth, nigga you ain't shit
You ain't even buy me no outfit for the fourth
I need that Brazilian, wavy, twenty eight inch, you playin'
I shouldn't be fuckin' with you anyway, I need a baller ass, boss ass nigga
You'se a off brand ass nigga, everybody know it
Your homies know it, everybody fuckin' know
Fuck you nigga, don't call me no more
You won't know, you gonna lose on a good bitch
My other nigga is on, you off
What the fuck is really going on?

This dick ain't free
You lookin' at me like it ain't a receipt
Like I never made end's meet, eatin' your leftovers and raw meat
This dick ain't free
Livin' in captivity raised my cap salary
Celery, tellin' me green is all I need
Evidently all I seen was spam and raw sardines
This dick ain't free, I mean, baby
You really think we could make a baby named Mercedes without a
Mercedes Benz and twenty four inch rims, five percent tint, and air conditioning vents
Hell fuckin' naw, this dick ain't free
I need forty acres and a mule
Not a forty ounce and a pitbull
Bullshit, matador, matador, had the door knockin', let 'em in, who's that?
Genital's best friend, this dick ain't free
Pity the fool that made the pretty in you prosper
Titty juice and pussy lips kept me obnoxious, kept me up watchin'
Pornos and poverty, apology? No
Watch you volunteer it it while people less fortunate, like myself
Every dog has it's day, now doggy style shall help
This dick ain't free
Matter fact it need interest, matter fact it's nine inches
Matter fact see our friendship based on business
Pension, more pension, you're pinchin', my consensus
Been relentless, fuck forgiveness, fuck your feelings
Fuck your sources, all distortion, if you fuck it's more abortion
More divorce courts and portion
My check with less endorsement left me dormant
Dusted, doomed, disgusted, forced with
Fuck you think is bullshit, porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice
Choice is deaf, a state of decapitated the horseman
Oh America, you bad bitch, I the picked cotton that made you rich
Now my dick ain't free

I'mma get my Uncle Sam to fuck you up
You ain't no king

You said you'd never ever break, down
But here I am sweeping, pieces off of the ground
You said you'd never, ever play, to crowds
But I've seen you hoping to play songs to them now
I've spent all night long scared of tomorrow, broke my alarm
Everything's almost lost, pick it up slow, before it's gone

We're fragile
(Wish I'd have known)
I never thought I'd be so fragile
(You're not alone)
If it didn't break before it's about to
(We've been here before)
I don't ever want to change
I'm fragile
I don't ever

Some of the people appointed to give an opinion
Never do get it
I want you to come on and gobble a jimmy and... die
N9na be giving the remedy and why?
Critics are really the enemy and I
Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted
Effin' incredible, get fanned away with grands to pay
This jam will lay scripted
Deaf and impeccable
Write a rhyme and I put everything in a flow
I'm the N9ne I'm a look very mean
When a foe scribe a line but he has never been at a show
By the times it'll be better, leave it in the sto'
'Cause they wrote nothin' but lies, quotes stuck in my eyes
Amateur writer dissin'
He's a beginner and hopes for your demise, folks some may despise
Never do try to listen
It's real, I'm mad
Clueless when you scribble on your pad
How you gonna criticize with a chisel on your nads sizzling your ad
You don't really get why I'm so pissed? Understand this (Understand this)
I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit, yes I'm

We're fragile
(Wish I'd have known)
I never thought I'd be so fragile
(You're not alone)
If it didn't break before it's about to
(We've been here before)
I don't ever want to change
I'm fragile
I don't ever

Tell me that I'm famous
Tell me that my name is
Big as Venus Jupiter and then Uranus
Tell me that your anus got your head in it
I can smell the articles and know you're heinous
Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me
Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favourite
Grab a fishing pole and throw me with the sharks
That's the feelin' I get when you're concentratin'
On this pen, on this pad
Tell me you're willin' to diss on my craft
Tell me the feelin' of pickin' apart this track
Stop
Puttin' my heart and my soul in these lines
Tellin' me platinum and gold all the time
Lookin' to bury, a deep hole for mine
Drop
This is more than you, and this is more than you
And your entire building slanderin' and abusin'
What I call the realest comin' from a student
Told myself to use a poem as an UZI
Empty magazine, I seen a magazine
You seen my trigger finger, then I started shootin'
That was nicotine, I'm 'bout to smoke 'em all
And journalists involved should've known my music

We're fragile
(Wish I'd have known)
I never thought I'd be so fragile
(You're not alone)
If it didn't break before it's about to
(We've been here before)
I don't ever want to change
I'm fragile
I don't ever

Tryna rain, tryna rain on the thunder
Tell the storm I'm new
I'm a wall, come and march on the regular
Painting white flags blue

Lord forgive me, I've been running
Running blind in truth
I'ma rain, I'ma rain on this bitter love
Tell the sweet I'm new

I'm telling these tears, go and fall away, fall away
May the last one burn into flames

Freedom
Freedom
I can't move
Freedom, cut me loose
Singin', freedom
Freedom 
Where are you?
'Cause I need freedom too
I break chains all by myself
Won't let my freedom rot in hell
Hey! I'ma keep running
'Cause a winner don't quit on themselves

I'ma wade, I'ma wave through the waters
Tell the tide, "Don't move"
I'ma riot, I'ma riot through your borders
Call me bulletproof

Lord forgive me, I've been runnin'
Runnin' blind in truth
I'ma wade, I'ma wave through your shallow love
Tell the deep I'm new

I'm telling these tears, go and fall away, fall away
May the last one burn into flames

Freedom
Freedom
I can't move
Freedom, cut me loose
Singin', freedom
Freedom
Where are you?
'Cause I need freedom too
I break chains all by myself
Won't let my freedom rot in hell
Hey! I'ma keep running
'Cause a winner don't quit on themselves

Ten Hail Marys, I meditate for practice
Channel nine news tell me I'm movin' backwards
Eight blocks left, death is around the corner
Seven misleadin' statements 'bout my persona
Six headlights wavin' in my direction
Five-O askin' me what's in my possession
Yeah I keep runnin', jump in the aqueducts
Fire hydrants and hazardous
Smoke alarms on the back of us
But mama don't cry for me, ride for me
Try for me, live for me
Breathe for me, sing for me
Honestly guidin' me
I could be more than I gotta be
Stole from me, lied to me, nation hypocrisy
Code on me, drive on me
Wicked, my spirit inspired me
Like yeah, open correctional gates in higher desert
Yeah, open our mind as we cast away oppression
Yeah, open the streets and watch our beliefs
And when they carve my name inside the concrete
I pray it forever reads

Freedom
Freedom
I can't move
Freedom, cut me loose
Singin', freedom! Freedom! Where are you?
'Cause I need freedom too
I break chains all by myself
Won't let my freedom rot in hell
Hey! I'ma keep running
'Cause a winner don't quit on themselves

What you want from me?
Is it truth you seek? 
Oh father can you hear me?
What you want from me?
Is it truth you seek? 
Oh father can you hear me?
Hear me out

Gather round, I'm glad everybody came out tonight
As we stand on our neighborhood corner
Know that this fire that's burning represents the passion you have
Listen, Keisha, Tammy, come up front
I recognize all of you, every creed and color
With that being said, fuck your ethnicity, you understand that?
We gon' talk about a lot of shit that concerns you, all of you

Now everybody throw your hands up high
If you don't give a fuck throw your hands up high
Throw your hands up high

Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, white, Asian, Hispanic, goddamn it
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity nigga

Fire burning inside my eyes, this the music that saved my life
Y'all be calling it hip hop, I be calling it hypnotize
Yeah, hypnotize, trapped my body but freed my mind
What the fuck are you fighting for? Ain't nobody gon' win that war
My details be retail, man I got so much in store
Racism is still alive, yellow tape and colored lines
Fuck that, nigga look at that line, it's so diverse
They getting off work and that wanna see Kendrick
Everybody can't drive Benzs, and I been there, so I make it my business
To give 'em my full attention, ten-hut, man I gotta get my wind up
Man I gotta get down with God cause I got my sins up, ooh
Matter of fact, don't mistake me for no fucking rapper
They sit backstage and hide behind the fucking cameras

I mosh pit, had a microphone, I tossed it
Had a brain, then I lost it, I'm out of my mind
So don't you mind how much the cost it, penny for my thoughts
Everybody please hold up your wallets
Yeah man, I'm the mailman, can't you tell man?
Going postal, never freeze up when I approach you
That's star-struck, and roast you, oh my, HiiiPoWeR

Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, white, Asian, Hispanic, goddamn it
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity nigga

I'm tired of y'all, cause everybody lied to y'all
Do you believe it? Recognize them false achievements
It's treason and I'm Tylenol, I knock out when you knock it off
Knock of the doors of opportunity, I'm too involved
I'm no activist, I'm no Einstein, before calculus I was kicking in math
Dropping that science like an alchemist, and I be kicking that ass
Lyrically I'm UFC
If a UFO had came for me I'ma come back with the head of alien
Don't alienate my dreams, get it right, get a life
I got two, that's a metaphor for the big shit I do
Boy, TMI, TSA, man I'm fly
Put wings on my back, that a plane or angel? Both
Like a pilot with a halo, whoa, gross

I don't mean nothing, so many things come through
Them, him, her, you, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm
I'm just a messenger
Yeah I know life's a bitch, get the best of her

Put them threes up, they notice that we up
HiiiPoWeR, and the power, and the people
And if they don't believe us, they'll die
Wizard

Now I don't give a fuck if you
Black, white, Asian, Hispanic, goddamn it
That don't mean shit to me
Fuck your ethnicity nigga

I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Hold up! Bitches simmer down (uh)
Takin' hella long bitch give it to me now (uh)
Make that thing pop like a semi or a nine
Oh baby like it raw with a shimmy shimmy ya huah!
A$AP get like me
Never met a mother fucker fresh like me
All these motherfuckers wanna dress like me
Put the chrome to your dome make you Sweat like Keith
'Cause I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga, like how you figure?
Getting figures and fuckin' bitches
She rollin swishers for her bitches
I brought my niggas they getting bent up off the liquor
She love my licorice, I let her lick it
They say money make a nigga act nigga-ish
But at least a nigga nigga rich
I be fuckin' broads like I be fuckin' bored
Turn a dyke bitch out have her fuckin' boys, beast!

I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Ooh I know you love it when this beat is on
Make you think about all of the niggas you've been leading on
Make me think about all of the rappers I've been feeding on
Got a feeling that's the same dudes that we speakin' on, oh word?
You ain't heard my album? Who you sleepin' on?
You should print the lyrics out and have a fucking read-along
Ain't a fucking sing-along 'less you brought the weed along
Then ju' (OK I got it) then just drop down and get yo' eagle on
Or we can stare up at the stars and put The Beatles on
All that shit you talkin' bout is not up for discussion
I won't pay to make it bigger I don't pay for no reduction
If it's comin' from a nigga I don't know then I don't trust it
If you comin' for my head then muhfucka' get to bustin'
Yes Lord I don't really say this often but this long dick nigga ain't for the long talkin', I beast!

I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it

Uh yeah ho this the finale
My pep talk turn into a pep rally
Say she's from the hood but she live inside in the valley now
Vacate in Atlanta, then she going back to Cali mm
Got your girl on my line, world on my line
The irony I fuck 'em at the same damn time
She eyein' me like a nigga don't exist
Girl, I know you want this dick!
Girl, I'm Kendrick Lamar mm
AKA Benz is to me is just a car mm
That mean your friends need to be up to par
See my standards are papered by threesomes tomorrow mm
Kill 'em all dead bodies in the hallway
Don't get involved listen what the crystal ball say
Halle Berry, hallelujah
Holla back I'll do ya, beast!

I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin' problem (Problem)
And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin' problem (True)
If findin' somebody real is your fuckin' problem
Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it hey

This what God feel like, yeah
Laughing to the bank like aha, yeah
Flex on swole like aha, yeah
You feel some type of way then, aha, yeah

Ever since a young man
All I want to be was a gunman
Shooting up the charts, better run man
Ya'll gotta see that I won, man
Slick as El DeBarge with the finger waves, work it, JT
Handle bars like a fade, watch me work it, JT
I'm at large, running plays like a circuit, JT
I'm selling verses, Jay Z, watch me work it, JT
Look, look, hold up
Don't judge me, my mama caught me with a strap
Don't judge me, I was young, fucking all the rats
Don't judge me, aiming at your head for a stack
Don't judge me, don't judge me
Now my home got a Valley peak
Don't judge me, if I press your line, you a freak
Don't judge me, won't you tell a friend y'all gon' see

This what God feel like, yeah
Laughing to the bank like aha, yeah
Flex on swole like aha, yeah
You feel some type of way then, aha, yeah

Fuck is you talking to?
Aye, do you know who you talking to?
Slide on you like fallen drapes
God toss full of carnivals
I kill 'em with kindness
Or I kill 'em with diamonds
Or I put up like fifteen hundred
Get your ass killed by the finest
Everything life is a gamble
Nothing in life I can't handle
Seen it all, done it all, felt pain more
For the cars, I done put blood on sword
Everything I do is to embrace y'all
Everything I write is a damn eight ball
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine
Everything I say is from an angel

I don't rush shit, fuck shit, always your shit, my shit
Cannonballs to ignite shit
Morning to the night shift, I'm on
I ain't sorry for it, ask for a piece of mine
You charged me for it
I wanna see sometimes if you ignore it
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it
I got a bad habit, levitate, ducking haters
Oh my, my heart is rich, my heart is famous

This what God feel like, yeah (this what God feel like)
Laughing to the bank like aha (this what God feel like)
Yeah (this what God feel like)
Flex on swole like aha (this what God feel like)
Yeah (this what God feel like)
You feel some type of way then, aha
(This what God feel like)
This what God feel like
Yeah (This what God feel like)

Yeah, huh
Yeah, baby baby
Yeah, baby baby
Hey, hey

Girl give it to me
Girl you know what it do, girl give it to me
I got somethin' brand new, girl give it to me
I'll put it all on you, girl give it to me
Woo! I got a gift for ya
I got this for ya, a little Thicke for ya
A big kiss for ya, I got a hit for ya
Big dick for ya, let me give it to ya
Baby baby, I got a call for ya
I got a whip for ya, black car for ya
Ball hard for ya, I know you wanna get fancy
I know you wanna start dancin'

Hey, girl
You know you're lookin' so damn fly
You're lookin' like you fell from the sky
You know you make a grown man cry

I wanna give it to you, tonight
And make everything you fantasize
Come true, ooh baby
I'll make you so so so amazing
I'll give it to you

Girl give it to me
Girl give it to me
Girl give it to me
Girl give it to me

Ooh! What's that girl?
What's that baby? I like that girl
I like that baby, on your back girl
On your back, yeah shake it like that girl
Baby baby, I got an eye for ya
Got an eye for ya, I got a smile for ya
Cheese, let me put it on your face for ya
Please, I got a taste for ya
Tasty, I bought lace for ya
Freaky, I'll put it on ya
Yeah, so I can come and take it off ya
Yeah, and get off to ya

Hey, girl
You know you're lookin' so damn fly
You're lookin' like you fell from the sky (Angel)
You know you make a grown man cry

I wanna give it to you, tonight
And make everything you fantasize
Come true, ooh baby
I'll make you so so so amazing
I'll give it to you

Uh, you're like a needle in a haystack
Uh, I wanna sit you where my face at
Uh, lunch with a few Mai-Tais
Uh, purple kisses on my tie
Uh, life can leave a dick loved
Uh, now you gettin' this dick, love
Uh, I'm lookin' for you with a flashlight
I wanna feel what a real fat ass like
No injection, I learned my lesson
I walk it like I talk it, baby this pedestrian
Runnin' through your mind like Jackie Joyner
Pussy like pop like "DO!" Go get me a burner
Got shot like "DO!" This can be detrimental
T-shirt and panties, that's your credential
You're cotton candy, I need a fistful
I'm often antsy, hope that convince you

Hey, girl
You know you're lookin' so damn fly
You're lookin' like you fell from the sky (Angel)
You know you make a grown man cry

I wanna give it to you, tonight
And make everything you fantasize
Come true, ooh baby
I'll make you so so so amazing
I'll give it to you

Tonight
And make everything you fantasize
Come true, ooh baby
I'll make you so so so amazing
I'll give it to you

I'll give it to you

Open your legs
Say yeah, share, say yeah, share, say yeah

Heart to my dying light, bullet to your rose
Then I want you better fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know

Sexy, nasty, have no guideline
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care (pleasure, pleasure)
Your divinity has turned me into a sinner
God is fair (pleasure, pleasure)
And your beauty can even make hell have a winter

Yeah and a freak mind is divine so we fuck from behind
On these sides, between thighs, I eat up
Wanted, wanted, wanted to trust myself
Tried to give her up but she fuck so well
Man that bitch so cold, man that bitch so cold
I'mma take my time, I'mma hit that slow
Cause I ain't in a rush young girl
You're the only thing for me in this fucked up world
And do you believe in love?
Hold on tight when demons come
It'll be alright, no need to run
Stay with me tonight, we'll see the sun
And when we wake up early we'll still be drunk
Never felt this free before
I need you more than keys and doors
I need you sleepin' next to me
The blanket sheets, I'll take them all and keep you warm
Yeah and I teach her that we were the preachers of love
You be the leader, I could be Julius Caesar
When I'm pullin' up in the Beamer, the beats in the trunk
All the freaks wanna fuck

Heart to my dying light, bullet to your rose
Then I want you better fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know

Sexy, nasty (sexy, nasty) have no guideline (have no guideline)
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care (pleasure, pleasure)
God is fair (pleasure, pleasure)

I need to feel your touch
You shy, you don't reveal too much
No lies, don't hide yourself at all
Where's your, I just can't help but fold
It's true, and I tried everything
Girl you're, my sexy nasty, thing
She been getting faded all the time, flap your wings
I been getting stoned all week
It make me go too deep
Girl you so lonely, will you come home with me?
Just take your clothes off babe
Know that we been talkin on the phone all day
I love it when you tell me that you don't behave
Tell me when and where, I bet I won't be late
All I really wanna do is procreate
I'm a superman, you be my Louis Lane
Know you late for work, you stayin' home today
We gon' keep on goin' 'til our bones both break
It's the grown folk way

Heart to my dying light, bullet to your rose
Then I want you better fold
Don't you know your body been mine?
I know you know I know

Sexy, nasty (sexy, nasty) have no guideline (have no guideline)
One day, four times
You don't mind that I don't care
God is fair

Hello I would like to tell you about my love affair
With my husband and the wonderful ways that we were able to understand each other
And find out about each other
We got to know each other little by little living very close in the same building
And he would help me with things and I would see him and think "what a cute guy"
And he was a cute guy
And it was just little by little we got to know
Just to say hello
One day I invited him to a party and I had heard so much about him
People respected him, and he was good to everybody
He knew people he worked with all adored him
And it was something so important, the respect that you have for somebody
For me was the most important
Being attracted to him and being, finding people respected him and I respected him
I love the fact that he sensed how my feelings were
And I learned to understand and respect
And see his feelings and understand his feelings ahead of time
So it was so very easy to be together and look forward to being together
And our love affair just blossomed the more we saw each other
And the more we were together, we learned more and more about each other
After a short period of time we became engaged and had a very small intimate wedding
With just family and very close friends
The friends we continued to have for the rest of our life and then came two adorable little boys
And, my husband just adored my daughter and adored the two boys
And I feel I just gave him a wonderful life
A good marriage and a wonderful family and I know he really had a beautiful life and I did too
And how important it is to love, respect and care for each other

Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your elations
This is your station baby

Look inside these walls and you see them having withdrawals
Of a prisoner on his way
Trapped inside your desire
To fire bullets that stray
Track a tire just tell you I'm tired and ran away
I should ask a choir what do you require
To sing a song that acquire me to have faith
As the record spin I should pray
For the record I recognize that I'm easily prey
I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity building
It's probably big as a building
Me jumping off of the roof
Is just me playing it safe
But what am I supposed to do
When the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't
But know I'm accustomed to
Just a couple that look for trouble
And live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walking from bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place
They was wondering if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind because one day you'll respect
The good kid, m.A.A.d. city

Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your elations
This is your station baby

All I see is strobe lights
Blinding me in my hindsight
Finding me by myself
Promise me you can help
In all honesty I got time to be copacetic until
You had finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still
I can never pick out the difference
And grade a cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the morning
I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignoring my purpose
To persevere as a better person
I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I supposed to do
With the blinking of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof
And your dog has to say roof
And you ask, "Lift up your shirt"
Cause you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard them chatter: "He's probably young but I know that he's down"
Step on his neck as hard as your bullet proof vest
He don't mind, he know he'll never respect
The good kid, m.A.A.d. city

Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your elations
This is your station baby

All I see in this room
20 Xanies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain
Can we live in the same society
It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim
I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm
Inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room
With 20 Xanies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy I lost it
I feel it's nothing to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt
To good kid, m.A.A.d. city

Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your elations
This is your station baby

7:30, you lying
Ooh

I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worry about those condoms, and way too numb, yeah
It's way too drum, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, when you're not around
When you throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time

7-1-3 to the 281, yeah I'm riding
Why they on me?
Why they on me, I'm flying, sippin lowkey
I'm sipping lowkey and Onix, rider, rider
When I'm pullin up right beside ya
Popstar, love Mariah when I text a cute game
Wildness, throw a stack on the Bible
Never snapchat or took molly
She fall through plenty, her and all her ginnies
We at the top floor, right there off of Henny
Oh no, I can't fuck with y'all
When I'm with my squad I cannot do no wrong
Saucin' in the city, don't get misinformed
They gon' pull up on you (brr, brr, brr)
We gon' do some things, some things you can't relate
'Cause we from a place, a place you cannot stay
You can't go, I don't know
Oh, back the fuck up off me (brr, brr, brr)

I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worry about those condoms, and way too numb, yeah
It's way too drum, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, when you're not around
When you throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time

I wanna press my line, yeah, I wanna press my
I want a green light, I wanna be like
I wanna press my line, yeah
I want to take that ride, yeah
I'm gonna press my line
I wanna green like, I wanna be like, I wanna press my
Mama, dear, spare your feeling
I'm reliving moments, peeling more residual
I can buy the building, burn the building, take your bitch
Rebuild the building just to fuck some more
I can justify my love for you and touch the sky for God to stop, debating wall
Put the pussy on a pedestal
Put the pussy on a high horse
That pussy to die for
That pussy to die for
Peter, piper, picked a peppers
I could pick your brain and put your heart together
Read apart, the shady parts and party hard, the diamonds yours
The coupe forever
My best shots might shoot forever like (brr)

I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah
You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine
Worry about those condoms, and way too numb, yeah
It's way too drum, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, I need the heimlich
Throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, when you're not around
When you throw that to the side, yeah
I get those goosebumps every time

H.O.C, H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
H.O.C, H.O.C
All the real smokers give me H.O.C
H.O.C

Everybody know I spit that other shit
Shit that make you duck for cover shit
Shit that make you hop out your seat and slap your mother shit
Especially when Drop drop the beat
I drop jewels like my nuts dropped out of my briefs
Jump in the booth and shatter every rapper's dream
They jump in a sauna because I killed their self esteem
That's a jab, you should bob and weave
Like Pam when Martin pulled jokes out his sleeve
I go in studio sessions and feel like a nerd
Cuz I'm the only nigga there not smokin' no herb
You tellin' me the kush make you think on level 4?
I'm on 5. You sayin' that I can level more?
In high school my teachers thought I was smokin' stress
Didn't know my eyes low cuz of genetic defects
I stimulate my mind every time I think about the end of time, creation of man and Columbine

[Chorus]
Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or hydro
I don't even smoke (x3)
I really appreciate that you share your indo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke (x3)

Look, nowadays everybody think they're big chiefers
Just cuz they heard that new tape from Wiz Khalifa
Knowing damn well they can't hit the sour
They're new booties, they probably need baby powder
My skill shower over your city for 40 days
40 nights - off the chain like freedom of slaves
Before you get it twisted like 40 gays
My flow worth the earth, that's not to be appraised
Those the type of lines that I'm talkin' bout
You know the type of rhymes you don't talk about
Copy my session on a disc when the session ends
So my momma can have it and play it for her friends
Brag on me like my son's about to win
Somehow some day and I don't care when
I might hit the gin once a month
I'll let you inhale, like an atheist

Uhh, I'll take you back to the 9th grade
When Dough Boy had me high for 4 days
That's my nigga he a street nigga
Probably in your hood fuckin' up your street, nigga
But anyway I think it was some purple
Told me don't hit it hard because it'll hurt you
I didn't listen
I was floatin' like the Rose Parade, swear to god a nigga seem some flying fishes
That was the Vegas trip, Hooters sponsored
The same time I start writing like a fuckin' monster
I'm Frankenstein every time this motherfucker ponders
Just underline every letter capital K-D-O-T layin' it flat out
Like a tire with slow leaks now what you bout?
Nothing huh
Am I a square cause I don't puff a square?
Are my raps too blunt to hit the blunt?
Yeah

[Chorus]

Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you

Thirty millions later, my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Travel round the atlas in this spaceship candy-coated
My day shift's been devoted to fuckin' up bundles of paper
Pi equals three-fourteen
The devil's pie is big enough to justify the whole thing
Wait up
Lampin' in Jamaica, the cloud's turnin', my thought's turnin'
Burnin' castor oil, I been determined to make an earnin'
This seed in this soil is classified
I'm satisfied when I strategize my kid's future
I ain't sanctified enough to say that I won't shoot ya
I done vandalized the industry full circuit
The earthiest slash thirstiest nigga you know versus this
Scum of a land that transcend two surfaces
The richer the poorer, the bigger the picture
The more blood pours, but

Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you
Don't tell a lie on me
I won't tell the truth 'bout you

My fans can't wait for me to son ya punk ass and crush your whole lil shit
I'll Big Pun ya punk ass, you a scared little bitch
Tiptoein' around my name, nigga, ya lame
And when I get at you, homie, don't you just tell me you was just playin'
Oh I was just playin' with you K-Dot, c'mon
You know a nigga rock with you, bro
Shut the fuck up, you sound like the last nigga I know
Might end up like the last nigga I know
Oh, you don't wanna clash? Nigga, I know
I put my foot on the gas, head on the floor
Hoppin' out before the vehicle crash, I'm on a roll
Yellin', "One, two, three, four, five
I am the greatest rapper alive"
So damn great, motherfucker, I've died
What you hearin' now is a paranormal vibe
House on the hill, house on the beach, nigga (facts)
A condo in Compton, I'm still in reach, nigga (facts)
I'm fresh out the water I'm 'bout to breach, nigga
The five-foot giant woke up out of his sleep, nigga
Oh yeah, oh yeah, more cars, more leers
More bars, no peers, no scars, no fear, fuck y'all, sincere
I heard the whispers, I curved the whispers, you know what the risk is
Earth indigenous, ya body reverting to stiffness
The whole world goin' mad
Bodies is adding up, market's about to crash
Niggas is fake rich, bitches is fake bad
Blacks that act white, whites that do the dab
Donald Trump is a chump, know how we feel, punk
Tell 'em that God comin'
And Russia need a replay button, y'all up to somethin'
Electorial votes look like memorial votes
But America's truth ain't ignorin' the votes
It's blasphemy, how many gon' blast for me?
I prophesied on my last song, you laughed at me
Oh, when the shit get brackin', don't you ask for me
How many leaders gon' tell you the truth after me?
G Malone big bro, kudos to him
I was 2 Os from a M, tryna be big as Em
Thirty millions later my future favors
The legendary status of a hip-hop rhyme savior
Salmon and capers, fame and lawsuits
You looking at me in Chucks, I'm looking at y'all suits
Me and Top Dawg playing rock-paper-scissors in court
And real hustler lose money just to go get some more
I said it's like that, drop one classic, came right back
'Nother classic, right back
My next album, the whole industry on the ice pack
With TOC
You see the flames and my E-Y-E's
It's not a game and the whole world is going mad, daddy
It's sad, daddy
My only advice? Go and get you a bag, daddy
Lee Baca, on trial tryna portray a boxer
Beatin' up on my niggas while the COs watch 'em
Tables turned, lesson learned, my best look
You jumped sides on me, now you 'bout to meet Westbrook
Go celebrate with your team and let victory vouch you
Just know the next game played, I might slap the shit out you
Technical foul, I'm flagrant, I'm foul
They throwin' me out, you throw in the towel
Look at the crowd, they (nah, I don't like that)
Look at my smile, I'm smirking
Calm but urgent (that ain't the style, fuck)
So many verses, you live in denial (fuck)
So many verses, I never run out, what?
You making him nervous, the music is loud
Hoe, Jay Z Hall of Fame, sit your punk ass down (sit yo' punk ass down)
So that means you ain't bigger than rapping (what else?)
So that means no more playing the backseats (what else?)
My spot is solidified if you ask me (what else?)
My name is identified as "that king"
I'll let y'all worry about a list, I'm on some other shit
A difference between accomplishments and astonishments
You know what time it is, ante up, this is in forever
Y'all got 'til April the 7th to get ya'll shit together

Let's get it!
Look look, on foenem

I wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimentin' me on my nappy hair
If I can f-ck her in front of all of these passengers
They'll prob'ly think I'm a terrorist
Eat my asparagus, then I'm askin' her
Thoughts of a young nigga, fast money and freedom
A crash dummy for diamonds, I know you dyin' to meet 'em
I'll prob'ly die in a minute
Just bury me with twenty bitches, twenty million, and a Comptown fitted

Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin'
Section 80

Back in this bitch in the back of that bitch
Wit' my back against the wall and yo' bitch on the edge of my dick
Jump off
I call a bitch a bitch, a ho a ho, a woman a woman
I never did nothin' but break the ground on top of the asphalt
Tire mark gave you evidence that I'm easily peddlin' with the speed of a lightnin' bolt
As a kid I killed two adults, I'm too advanced
I live my twenties at two years old, the wiser man
Truth be told, I'm like eighty-seven
Wicked as eighty reverends in a pool of fire wit' devils holdin' hands
From the distance, don't know which one is a Christian, damn
Who can I trust in 2012? There's no one
Not even myself, a Gemini screamin' for help, somebody

Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga, losin' ain't an option

Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin' (Ay, ay, kick her out the studio, Ali)

24/7 nigga, workin' his ass for it, she poppin' that ass for it
The King of Diamonds wit' diamonds I never do ask for
They checkin' my passport, I'm too accustomed with Customs
She call in the task force, I killed it, somebody cuff 'I'm
They want me to fast-forward the game, and why you complain
When you niggas is past poor, you'll never hop in my lane
When you pushin' a RAV4, you wreckin' my Jaguar
You play like a bad sport, her feet on the dashboard

Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga, losin' ain't an option

Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) hol' up (Hol' up)
Yeah, big shit poppin', everybody watchin'
When you do it like this, nigga

I wrote this record while thirty thousand feet in the air
Stewardess complimentin' me on my nappy hair
If I can fuck her in front of all of these passengers
They'll prob'ly think I'm Osama
The plane emergency landed, it was an honor hol' up

This is, this is
Doing what I gotta do
What up though?
We the best music
I guess I'm on my Don shit
What that mean?
I'mma go
DJ Khaled

Straight up, late nights mixed with early days
It'll probably be that way until the Pearly Gates
Stress weighing on me, they want me to nervous break
These hoes showing fake love when I prefer the hate, man (Sheesh)
At least if you real then I have to respect it
Realize the energy you give is what you manifested
So understand we positive as could be
The vision is still intact, the show is fresh out of seats
Boy it's never going south 'less we down in South Beach
Khaled on the jet skiis, preaching what you believe in
Everything fast 'cept the food, watch what we eating
If it add a couple years to our life, then we might go vegan
Woah, I hear a little bit of me in all your favorite rappers
You know it's true, bitch I need respect due
Now or later, either way I'mma take it, just like it's fuckin' taxes
No wonder I'm on fire, I done been to Hell and back bitch
Lately I been living life in detachment
I practice seven spiritual laws and cut off distractions
We been all in the Hollywood Hills, and never been acting
Detroit gave me an accent and Christ gave me his passion
Father help us, police doing target practice with real bodies
Mommas in the streets, crying, standing over a still body
Niggas over stressing, we under investigation
Every day off to the races, can't fuck with you if you racist
Beat your ass until you purple, they can't even tell what your race is
Doctor King meet Dr. Dre, except this doctor lost all his patience
Have you tied up in a basement with you and your partner facing adjacent
Until you deposit payment or reparations
If you shoot me then you gotta deal with a holy me
It feel like I'm finally free and unlock my spirit with the holy key 
(The holy key, the holy key, the holy key)

And I'mma celebrate it for a long time
The drama couldn't break me, now it's all mine
Surrounded by my angels and we all shine
Holy, holy, holy, holy key
And I'mma celebrate it for a long time
The drama couldn't break me, now it's all mine
Surrounded by my angels and we all shine
Holy, holy, holy, holy key

Everything I touch may disintegrate into dust (Uh huh)
Everything I trust may dishonor me in disgust (Come on)
Everything is everything, affidavits and wedding rings
Out for blood on my higher horse, I report what it was
I don't wear crosses no more, Yeshua's coming back
I ain't scared of losses no more, I see life in that
I don't resonate with the concept of love and hate
'Cause your perspective is less effective and rather fake
The universe and the heavens work in my DNA
Kendrick said "Fuck Mother Earth," that's PSA
The land of the wicked, the foundation of Lucifer's spirit
Walking zombies and spellcatchers, I pray for forgiveness
Uncle Bobby and Paul June is lost again
The underworld and the fourth dimension, my family's in
The big money, the fast cars, my life produced
The blocks I connected while re-building this Rubix cube
So what you look up to?
Fame and fortune, bitches, Porsches, sources with designer thing
Brand endorsement joining forces with sorcerers signing me
Law enforcement their forces, tortures us with violent speed
Fuck your boss's employment my joy is to see all you bleed
Who knew Royce's with choices of color my desire need
Crab and Oyster with gorgeous abortions, I require thee
Flesh and poison the point is the reason, you won't die in peace
Open door for my boy, now they eating, we say, finally
I destroy and divorce what you eating, don't you hire me
Tape recording my voices and tweak it, let's play hide and seek
War distortion and forfeit this evening, you should try at least
I'm restoring the portrait of feasting, nigga, I am beast
I don't like to sleep, I'm up like coyote, I might OD
Hair like ODB, I'm off a higher need
Khaled is valid, I been looking for inspiration
But when you the only king, you the only one in the matrix

And I'mma celebrate it for a long time
The drama couldn't break me, now it's all mine
Surrounded by my angels and we all shine
Holy, holy, holy, holy key
And I'mma celebrate it for a long time
The drama couldn't break me, now it's all mine
Surrounded by my angels and we all shine
Holy, holy, holy, holy key

Holy, Holy key, holy

Keeping it G ain't nuttin, you ain't gotta like it cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public
I got the whole block bumpin
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public

Na na na na now now you know what this is
Tell em its a celebration bitches
With the barbeque pits and the mini-bikes
Mini-skirts, Hennessys, and the Miller Lights
Domino tables, who got big 6?
Where I'm from we do concrete backflips
Flip flop flip flop flip flop back
To the ghetto's where I bring hip hop back
Real niggas love me, they tell me keep it pushin'
The only niggas be for waste out of central bullets
County jails and the lock downs up north
Said I should have it if Scarface pass the torch
Thats how they feel Jack, built much more than rap
This that project haircut in the cul de sac
This is where ho's ain't front you them boulders at
Meet your quota whenever I put a quote on a track

Keeping it G ain't nuttin, you ain't gotta like it cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public
I got the whole block bumpin
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public

From Compton to Baltimore I'mma kill it
I buy a morgue in a minute
The public house, the plastic couch of a section 8 tenant
The Regal window is tinted
The air conditioner broke but I'm cool enough to ensure you my ride is an Eskimo, huh?
And I peel off in the midst of getting my clothes off
And I thrive off energies from the inner cities that we lost, huh?
I'm putting the ghetto on top of my back
And I live in the back of the jungle
Lions, tigers, bears, oh my
Hear the siren, walk up, [*gunshot* *gunshot*] drive by
Shooters, looters, federal fed intruders
The engines on back of scooters
The real can recognize real and we need to know just who you are
You are in the presence of many presents
Kendrick the gift for the future oh yeah I said it
Thug life, good kid mad city mad respect representin' the hood right

Keeping it G ain't nuttin, you ain't gotta like it cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public
I got the whole block bumpin
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public

The home girls tells me I'm the shit
I break them off so they can buy some outfits
I buy them sons a pack of peppers, some new joints
Give em the game, school em on whats really important
It's how I was raised, the og's had me
13 fresh off the porch, slangin' cabby
But I'm wiser now, show all my young niggas
There's other ways you get them dollars and funds niggas
Coming down in an old school, co cool
Whip like a 5 bar call it so cool
You don't know the tribulations that we go through
Put your ears to the speakers I'mma show you
I paint the picture so perfect
In my cd you see Mona Lisa in person
Courtesy of a hunnit beat
Got my crips and esse's at arm reach, 1 1

Keeping it G ain't nuttin, you ain't gotta like it cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public
I got the whole block bumpin
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
You ain't gotta like it 'cause the hood gone love it
Watch a young nigga show his ass out in public

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running
Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

You ain't listenin'
So you can talk to me, don't listen to him
A body like that ain't hard to feed, cause girl I'll eat you up
All in a couple of seconds, girl I'll eat you up
It's when you realize you're in Heaven like how'd you get there?
Baby what you doin' in this chair? Couldn't let you sit there
You need help, somebody should get there
You see girl, time is like money, both of which men loathe
Spend them both with me and then for sure you'll know

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

She's impressed by a fat boy
Cadillac, weed, pistol on his lap, boy
Home run hitter, thought I was a batboy
Search warrant for the crib, you better get a map for it
Paid for, meanin' I ain't gotta rap for it
She a alley oop, I tap it off the backboard
Hustlin', baby what you lookin' for? Just ask for it
Blue Ferrari, I'm the envy of the task force
Impeccable suits, as I run with my dogs
Pinkie rings and things that come with my wonderful job
Dog pound niggas, and we came to fight
I was several million up before it came to light
Now they callin' me the truest one to ever do it
Status symbol for the pimps, now enjoy the music
Smoked out like a player and you know the name
Break a bitch quick, really, biggest in the game

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running
Baby, I come running

I got Rottweiler in tube sock
Pitbull lock on your neck, kiss it and you'll die
Boxer you take mine off then hallelujah
Shando, count my blessings, spin around two times
Freaky freak like it's the 80s
Fuckin' explicit, radio prolly say we
Should tone it down with the clean version
Dirty but in public you're like teen virgin
I like it make me realize my vices
Enticin', flower bombin' all on your privates
Private meetin' inside your bedroom
Head in that Maybach boomin', thank God for leg room
It's a trophy in that pussy, I'ma cum in first place
I'ma cum in first place, cum in, cum in first place
I'm your D-O-double-G and I need more Pedigree
What it D-O? Puppy chow, I've been grown and so off the leash, ho

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
It feels like, baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

Kill him where he stand or stand over him shake his hand
Then jump back in that mini van, double back to his block
And blam I ain't backing down for nothing
I'm a back em down like Shaq with this black 2-2-3 in my hand
Better pray that this chopper jam, like a radio single, man
Police radio signals sayin' that a 187 land on your corner,
Coroners comfort your mama, mama he's dead,
The next morning high toasted up with my homies
We drink and smoke marijuana, want us to change our ways? Uh-huh
You see this game we play come from uncles that raised me in Compton
Ask me what I have accomplished
I don't know I don't have conscience
I just load up and start dumpin' on enemies I'm head hunting
No sympathy, ain't no love when you in these streets just get something
Protect ya neck cause they comin' for set respects split your onion
Then chop your deck your head tumblin' like gymnastics
Cause ignorance is bliss

This the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge but never will I dish off
We all tryna ball and when I got the rock I'll dish off
Until the day I pistol whip you posers till ya'll pissed off
Then peel off, in a hooptie
Come back and make these niggas wanna shoot me
And they bitches wanna salute me or seduce me
Indubitably I'm too street
Indubitably I'm a do me
Better than your bitch would
But you niggas too weak, but just give me 2 weeks
And I'm good
I'll make an album that'll put a smile on Malcolm
Make Martin Luther tell God I'm the future for Heaven's talent
No tarot card reading I'm foreseeing you niggas vanish
Not only from the rap game, I'm including the planet
Cats so watered down clowns can sink Titanic
Tie titanium around their neck and watch em panic
Give me respect, dammit, or get damaged
Die young, corpse identified by your parents
Apparently you a parrot
Mocking me and my blueprint
But I won't share it just make you cop it then call you a sheriff
Stop it, I'm hearin' the comments
The critics are calling me conscious
But truthfully, every shooter be callin' me Compton
So truthfully, only calling me Kweli and Common?
Proves, that ignorance is bliss

And this still the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge but never will I dish off
This my world, I grab the universe then play kickball
And they wonder why these California earthquakes hit so hard
I'm so-Cal, you so called
Rappers need to go call
Ghostbusters to shoot busters I'm Casper when I go off
I show up, to show out to show off
You a hundred percent behind me
And if you hard then wreck your car and walk up to my crime scene
I remember being 17 wishing someone would sign me
Now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
Backin' down boggins
Backin' down bitches
We gon' flip her once she off that blue dolphin
You gon' tip her
Cause ignorance is bliss
And Willy B I'm a fool on yo beats, I bleed out the speaker
As the speaker that spoke when they done speak

What money got to do with it
When I don't know the full definition of a rap image?
I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized, I keep runnin' back for a visit
Hol' up
Get it back
I said I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized, I could still kill me a nigga, so what?

If I was the president
I'd pay my mama's rent
Free my homies and them
Bulletproof my Chevy doors
Lay in the White House and get high, Lord
Who ever thought?
Master take the chains off me

Life can be like a box of chocolate
Quid pro quo, somethin' for somethin', that's the obvious
Oh shit, flow's so sick, don't you swallow it
Bitin' my style, you're salmonella poison positive
I can just alleviate the rap industry politics
Milk the game up, never lactose intolerant
The last remainder of real shit, you know the obvious
Me scholarship? No, streets put me through colleges
Be all you can be, true, but the problem is
A dream's only a dream if work don't follow it
Remind me of the homies that used to know me, now follow this
I'll tell you my hypothesis, I'm probably just way too loyal
K Dizzle would do it for you, my niggas think I'm a god
Truthfully all of 'em spoiled, usually you're never charged
But somethin' came over you once I took you to the fuckin' BET Awards
You lookin' at artists like the harvests
So many Rollies around you and you want all of them
Somebody told me you thinkin' 'bout snatchin' jewelry
I should've listened what my grandmama said to me

Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Oh now, slow down

And once upon a time in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was 5 foot something, God bless the kid
Took his homie to the show and this is what they said

Fuck am I 'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks?
The convicts talk 'bout matchin', money and foreign whips
The private jets and passports, presidential glass floor
Gold bottles, gold models, sniffin' up the ass for
Instagram flicks, suck a dick, fuck is this?
One more suck away from wavin' flashy wrist
My defense mechanism tell me to get him, quickly because he got it
It's the recession, then why the fuck he in King of Diamonds?
No more livin' poor, meet my .44
When I see 'em, put the per diem on the floor
Now Kendrick, know they're your co-workers
But it's gon' take a lot for this pistol go cold turkey
Now I can watch his watch on the TV and be okay
But see I'm on the clock once that watch landin' in LA
Remember steal from the rich and givin' it back to the poor?
Well that's me at these awards
I guess my grandmama was warnin' a boy
She said

Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass
Shit don't change until you get up and wash your ass nigga
Oh now, slow down

And once upon a time in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was 5 foot something, dazed and confused
Talented but still under the neighborhood ruse
You can take your boy out the hood but you can't take the hood out the homie
Took his show money, stashed it in the mozey wozey
Hollywood's nervous
Fuck you, goodnight, thank you much for your service

Fancy girls on Long Beach Blvd
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals leaving a body sore
She take the little change she make to fix her nail cuticles,
Lipstick is suitable to make you fiend for more
She play Mr. Shakur
That's her favorite rapper bumping "Brenda's Got A Baby"
While a pervert yelling at her and she capture features of a woman
But only 17, the 7 cars start honkin'
She start running like FLo-Jo don't care if they Joe Blow
If they got money to blow a blow job is a sure go
And sure enough don't see a dime of dirty dollars
She give all to her daddy but she don't know her father,
That's ironic see a block away from Lueders park, I seen the El Camino parked
In her heart she hate it there, but in her mind she made it where
Nothing really matters, so she hit the back seat
Rosa Parks never a factor when she making ends meet

Fancy girls on Long Beach Blvd
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals, leaving a body sore
Her anatomy is God's temple, and it's quite simple
Her castle is about to be destroyed, she's always paranoid
Watching the law inside the streets undercover the dummies that look like decoys
Remember the sergeant let her slide,
Said if he seen what's between her thighs he'd compromise,
To no surprise she took the ultimatum around the alleyway and gave him
A warm welcome to fill him right below the navel
Though he was wired up like a pair of jumping cables
His eyes was closed shut, prior charges, he had waived 'em
It was a block away from Lueders Park, I seen a squad car parked
And in her heart, she hate it there but in her mind, she made it where
Nothing really matters, so she hit the back seat
Cause Rosa Parks never a factor when she topping off police

Fancy girls on Long Beach Blvd
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

And Lord knows she's beautiful
Lord knows the usuals, leaving a body sore
As she bust down like a 12 bunk on tour
She suddenly realized she'll never escape the allure
Of the black man, white man, needed satisfaction, at first
It became a practice, but now she's numb to it
Sometimes she wonder if she can do it like nuns do it
But she never heard of Catholic religion or sinners' redemption
That sounds foolish, and you can blame it on her mother
For letting her boyfriend slide candy under her cover
Ten months before she was ten he moved in and that's when he touched her
This muthafucka is the fucking reason why Keisha rushing through that
Block away from Lueders park, I seen a El Camino park
And in her heart she hate it there but in her mind, she made it where
Nothing really matters, so she hit the back seat
And caught a knife inside the bladder, left her dead, raped in the street Keisha's song

My little sister eleven, I looked her right in the face
The day that I wrote this song, set her down and pressed play

Fancy girls on Long Beach Blvd
Flagging down all of these flashy cars
Fancy girls on Long Beach Blvd oh
Flagging down all of these flashy cars

I got a bone to pick
I don't want you monkey mouth motherfuckers sittin' in my throne again
(Aye aye nigga whats happenin' nigga, K Dot back in the hood nigga)
I'm mad (He mad), but I ain't stressin'
True friends, one question

Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

When you got the yams (What's the yams?)
The yam is the power that be
You can smell it when I'm walking down the street
(Oh yes we can, oh yes we can)
I can dig rapping, but a rapper with a ghost writer?
What the fuck happened? (Oh no) I swore I wouldn't tell
But most of y'all share bars, like you got the bottom bunk in a two man cell
(A two man cell)
Something's in the water (Something's in the water)
And if I got a brown nose for some gold then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller

Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

When you got the yams (What's the yams?)
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
24/7, 3

 days times two
I was contemplatin' gettin' on stage
Just to go back to the hood see my enemies and say

Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

(You goat mouth mammy fucker)
I was gonna kill a couple rappers but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal they don't even need my help
This shit is elementary, I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city, everybody's screamin' "Compton"
I should probably run for Mayor when I'm done, to be honest
And I put that on my Mama and my baby boo too
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo woo!
Ah yeah, fuck the judge
I made it past 25 and there I was
A little nappy headed nigga with the world behind him
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina
Screamin' "Annie are you ok? Annie are you ok?"
Limo tinted with the gold plates
Straight from the bottom, this the belly of the beast
From a peasant to a prince to a motherfuckin' king

Bitch where was you when I was
(By the time you hear the next pop, the funk shall be within you)
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, (King) Kunta
Black man taking no losses
Bitch where was you when I was walkin'
Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta
Everybody wanna cut the legs off him

(Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it)
We want the funk
(Do you want the funk?)
We want the funk
(Do you want the funk?)
We want the funk
(Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it)
We want the funk

I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence

Yeah
On my young niggas, on my dumb niggas
Yeah
Woo!
Yeah (ay, oh-ay, ay-ay-ah)
On my young niggas, on my dumb niggas (ay, oh-ay, ay-ay-ah)
Call up the brother one time! (Ay, oh-ay, ay-ay-ah)
Woo!

Ay, location device
Ay, elevation like
Ay, we with ceiling lights
Ay, sipping from the kite

We in love with the rally, but they had to have the clothes
Tonight we unified society, all my sisters and my bros
Against the wind, they gon' shoot us
Regardless which way it blows
In the moon like we're Venus
Kites like UFOs
Nigga hold the door (hold the door, hold the door, hold the door)
What you tryna to close it for? (Tryna to close it for, tryna to close it for)
Nigga hold the door (nigga hold the door, nigga hold the door)
There's room for so many more (room for so many more, room for so many more)

Wake up in the morning, don't know if you're coming back!
When we took the monster, would make sense if it was dark
Everybody needs friends, okay
If you got the light inside you know you need the black!
If you want to shine way up!
If you want to shine way up!
Way, way, way up!
If you want to bring the day up

Kites on my radar, life in my palms
We unite through the chaos (only for the purest)
Tell them to obey ours
My cerebellum throwing rebellion from from AR's (room full of broom sticks)
The day I have a J-R, I'll tell him to work for God only
And quit his day job (room full of bullshit)
Radio never play ours
This revolution ain't televised with prayer
Jumping over borders
Ain't no ruler for restriction
Ain't no police to deport us
Ain't no summons for our sons
Ain't no dealings for our daughters
Every prosecution hung, save the verdict for the lawyers
Illuminate the corn, I celebrate humanity and scream back at me in the morning
Every field in Mississippi, every street in California
Know the devil is alive, this the time to be anointed
Trackin' down a stream, that's connected to a dream
Head bussin', it ain't nothin', even if I gotta bleed
Sitting waiting patient for a universal pain
Politicking with the nation, this is as big as you and me
I'll let you find my contacts, okay
Tryna set us up for combat, no way
Waking up the spirit inside every human being
If you with us then you scream so they all can shout way out
Me, I am way, way up (way up, way up)

Way, way, way up
Ay, ay
Wanna bring the fucking crayon
Hey, hey

These girls in here are the humblest
We drink out of plastic tumblers
While you see us on Tumblr's
We wanna get a job as a baroness
But they don't want no goddamn foreigners
So hey, you, you wanna marry us?
Prayers, the cross, they carry us
I wanna get out 'cause I'm curious
I'm serious, I hope you are feeling us
I'm pained by all of these periods
Where morals are running delirious
It's our dream, out of radius
I'm letting off kites over barriers

I'm letting off kites over barriers
I'm letting off kites over barriers
Letting off kites over barriers

They give us so much more
Hey, hey!

Ride to it, ride to it
Cause you never know
When a bullet might hit
And you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it
Live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like
He did, cause he ain't what you is
But we can win, wait
Let's be straight, to the point

To the meaning of life
What's my purpose? Maybe this Earth is
Ain't a good place to be
How far is heaven? Let's see
Is it in the clouds like they said it would be?
I wonder when I die
Will he give me receipts?
I wonder will the eyes of the lord look at me?
Look at me, look at me, I'm a loser, I'm a winner
I'm good, I'm bad, I'm a Christian, I'm a sinner
I'm humble, I'm loud, I'm righteous, I'm a killer
What I'm doing, I'm saying that I'm human
Now people just

Ride to it, ride to it
Cause you never know
When a bullet might hit
And you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it
Live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like
He did, cause he ain't what you is
But we can win, wait
Let's be straight, to the point

It go 1, 2, 3
Two in the front
One in the back seat
Seat, seat, seat
Looking for a victim of an AK-47
100 round each, each, each
But why must we retaliate?
Is it human nature?
I don't know
I look for the answers later
Make a right, there they go!
Some times gotta

Ride to it, ride to it
Cause you never know
When a bullet might hit
And you die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it
Live your life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like
He did, cause he ain't what you is
But we can win, wait
Let's be straight, to the point

As I open this book and then burn up some of this reefer
My plan is to figure out the world and escape all my demons
I'm dying inside, I wonder if Zion inside the heavens
A condom, a rollie, pain, a fat blunt and a mack 11
That's all I see in my life and they tell me to make it right
But I"m right on the edge of Everest and I might jump tonight
Have you ever had known a saint that was taking sinner's advice?
Well it's probably you, am I right? If I'm wrong, you a fucking lie
When I lie on back and look at the ceiling, it's so appealing to pray
I wonder if I'm just a villain, dealing my morals away
Some people look at my face then tell me don't worry about it
I give em back they deposit, no money, just total silence
I'm running, they say I'm wildin' a youngin' with lack of guidance
That's hundreds of us with problems: more money, more drugs and violence
Look at the soul of an out-of-control artist
That's dealing with life the hardest
That's on my life, but regardless I'ma

Ride to it, ride to it
Cause I never know
When a bullet might hit
And I die to it, die to it
Die to it, die to it
Live my life, live it right
Be different, do different things
Don't do it like
He did, cause he ain't what I is
But we can win, wait
Let's be straight, to the point

Yea, life can please ya
But death can tease ya
On the day Niko had that seizure
I lost one of my biggest believers
Close deaths make you think about your life
Like if I had that same chance twice
What would I do different?
I'd tell her I loved her more
Do more
But tease her bout crying on that picture
Now when I'm done recording
Swear I let the beat bang in her name
Make her shake her head in heaven saying
They at it again
Make them clouds turn to speakers
Don't take too much smoke from the reefer
Love being in the room with her peoples
Now my love life murking it
Family having surgeries
Hate it that the truth that chose for they life to be under me
Lord, what kind of life is this?
Mama I just wanna sing
Mama said, "According to get everything
You gotta risk everything"
So I'm smoking my kush reading Corinthians
Smoking my kush reading Corinthians

I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired, fire)
All I want tonight is just to get high up (high, high, high)
Girl, you look so good, it's to die for (die for)
Ooh, that pussy good, it's to die for (on fire)

It's a secret society
All we ask is trust
(All we ask is trust)
All we got is us
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty

Kung Fu Kenny now
My resume is real enough for two millenniums
A better way to make a wave, stop defendin' them
I meditate and moderate all of my wins again
I'm hangin' on the fence again
I'm always on your mind
I put my lyric and my lifeline on the line
And ain't no limit when I might shine, might grind
You rollin' with it at the right time, right now
(Only for the dollar sign)

Bad gyal RiRi now
Swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve, deeper now
On your pulse like a CD in
Gas in the bitch like it's premium
Haul ass on a bitch all in the fast lane
Been a bad bitch way before any cash came
I'm established
Hundred carats on my name
Run the atlas, I'm a natural, I'm alright

I'm a savage, I'm a asshole, I'm a king
Shimmy-yeah, shimmy-yeah, shimmy-yeah, rock (yeah)
You can tell your nigga he can meet me outside (yeah)
You can babysit him when I leave him outside
Ain't no other love like the one I know
I done been down so long I slowed
I done came down so hard I slowed
I don't sleep forever, all a real nigga want

I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired, fire)
All I want tonight is just to get high up (yeah)
(All I want is, all I want is)

Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
10-4, no switchin' sides
Feel somethin' wrong
You actin' shifty, you don't ride
With me no more, I need
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty

Tell me who you loyal to
Is it money? it is fame? Is it weed? Is it drink?
Is it comin' down with the loud pipes and the rain?
Big chillin', only for the power in your name
Tell me who you loyal to
Is it love for the streets when the lights get dark?
Is it unconditional when the 'Rari don't start?
Tell me when your loyalty is comin' from the heart

Tell me who you loyal to
Do it start with your woman or your man? (Mmm)
Do it end with your family and friends? (Mmm)
Or you're loyal to yourself in advance?
I said, tell me who you loyal to
Is it anybody that you would lie for?
Anybody you would slide for?
Anybody you would die for?
That's what God for

I said I'm geeked and I'm fired up (fired, fire)
All I want tonight is just to get high up
(All I want is, all I want is)

Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
10-4, no switchin' sides
Feel somethin' wrong
You actin' shifty, you don't ride
With me no more, I need
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty

It's so hard to be humble
It's so hard to be
Lord knows is I'm tryin'
Lord knows is I'm dyin', baby

I'm cold
I'm cold
I'm cold
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
I got the right to put up a fight
But not quite cause you cut off my light
But my sight is better tonight and I might
See you in my nightmare, oh how did you get there
Cause we were once a fairytale
But this is farewell

I got my life and its my only one
I got the night, I'm running from the sun
So goodnight, I made it out the door (door, door, door)
After tonight, there will be no return
After tonight, I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road

And that you know (that you know)
Tell every one that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know (that you know)

Okay I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gone do mine
You do you, cause I'm just gone be fine
Okay I got you out my mind
The night is young, the drinks is cold
The stars is out, I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well know you know,
Tell everybody everybody that you know!
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know

I got the right to put up a fight
But not quite cause you cut off my light
But my sight is better tonight and I might
See you in my nightmare, oh but how did you get there
Cause we were once a fairytale
But this is farewell

Baby girl I'm finished!
I thought we were committed
I thought we were cemented
I really thought we meant it
But now we just repentin'
And now we just resentin'
The clouds is in my vision
Look how high I be gettin'
And its all because of you
Girl we through
You think your shit don't stink
But you are Mrs. p-u
And I don't see you with me no more
Now tell everybody that you know
That you know!

That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know
That you know
Tell everyone that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know

I'm callin (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Out to (I want you to myself I can't help it) 
All my (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Y'all my, ladies and I can't (maybe I'm selfish) 
(I can't) Let you (let you) 
(I want you to myself I can't help it) 
Be with (yeah) no one (yeah) but me (yeah) baby 

To my thick chicks down in Texas 
All the way to New Orleans where the girls cook catfish 
And in LA every chick's an actress 
Hollywood status with the shaded glasses 
To Detroit, yeah the place that I rest 
Where the ladies got ass to sell alot sex 
And Hot Atlanta y'all is one of the best 
Where they speak southern and slang and smoke la cess 
And New York women are way too fresh 
Too much on your mind let me ease that stress 
I wish you all were mine it's so selfish 
Maybe I'm feelin myself too much I guess 
But, to my ladies all across the globe 
In small towns that I don't even know 
To all local international codes 
Whether you see me in streets or catch me at shows, I'm callin... 

I'm callin (yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Out to (I want you to myself I can't help it) 
All my (yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Y'all my ladies and I can't (maybe I'm selfish) 
(I can't) Let you (let you) 
(I want you to myself I can't help it) 
Be with (yeah) no one (yeah) but me (yeah) baby 

Uh! And I'll be tryin to come around my girl actin like Mr. Friendly 
And steal the spotlight like Mr. Bentley 
I spotted her like Spud McKenzie 
And for them fake boobies I payed them Benjies 
Get your own, I got Paris he got Nicky he tried to get ?em a clone 
He said yeah you know you got extra hoes 
And everything you do is extra cold 
From the Polo fleece to the Jesus piece 
I got family in high places like Jesus' niece 
Can I please, say my peace 
If y'all fresh to death, then I'm deceased 
And this one here, is a heat rocks 
Spit like a beat box, the way the beat rocks 
New version of Pete Rock! 
But for that Benz I get CL love 
So I switch my girls around like 3L-dub [3LW] 
I'm callin.. 

I'm callin (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Out to (I want you to myself I can't help it) 
All my (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Y'all my ladies and I can't (maybe I'm selfish) 
(I can't) Let you (let you) 
(I want you to myself I can't help it) 
Be with (Yeah) no one (Yeah) but me (Yeah) baby 

What up Pam how your little man doin in New Jersey 
Last I heard he caught the flu and you was worried 
Hope he feels better, and thanks Jonetta from Cleveland 
For that good head in your Jetta better believe it 
Shanice you're my piece from Compton 
Before I mark the plane make sure you cop them trees to spark up 
Danielle ATL got them pictures in the mail 
You sealed with a kiss and you send it with Chanel 
You lookin good in that one showin off your body 
Had a Beverly Hills mami that would buy me Cardi's 
Take me to after parties her name was Carrie 
And it sucks that we didn't keep in touch I'm sorry 
But, hey Kim how's Minneapolis? 
You so pretty hate to show off your titties for silly classes 
Cause I love you girls though you ain't mine 
I wish my arms was long enough to hug you all of the same time 

I'm callin (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Out to (I want you to myself I can't help it) 
All my (Yeah maybe I'm selfish) 
Y'all my ladies and I can't (maybe I'm selfish) 
(I can't) Let you (let you) 
(I want you to myself I can't help it) 
Be with (Yeah) no one (Yeah) but me (Yeah) baby 

I'm callin (Callin) out to (Out to) all my (All My) 
Y'all my, ladies and I can't (I Can't) let you (Let you) 
Be with, no one, but me, baby

Reliving the past
Yuh lost

Rock star bitch call me Elvis
M.O.B, she call me selfish
Success got 'em jealous
Shorty's killing, while I'm drilling
Tattoos, how they break the news
It was real if you made the news
Last night my bitches came in twos
And they both suck like they came to lose
Dropped out the first day of school
'Cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be going hard, I got a name to prove
Killing 'em, honey how I make the pain improve

We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

This the greatest shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evening end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancing close to him
Yeezus just rose again

We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

Memories don't live like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have

Memories don't live like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have

Are you gonna be? Say that you're gonna be
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Ripperton will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

It definitely will
You know what I told her

I told her to drive over in yo new whip, bring some friends you cool wit
I'ma bring the cool whip, then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick, so we get our grind on
She be grabbing me, calling me Biggie like Shyne home
Man I swear she fine homes, why she always lying though?
Telling me them diamonds, when she know they rhinestones
She got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
I played 'ready for the world', she was ready for some action
My dog said you ain't no freak , so you bout to prove my man wrong
I'ma lay this Vandross, you gon take yo pants off
I'ma play this Gladys Knight, me and you gon get right

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Ripperton will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

Now Kanye, I know I told you to slow it down
It's good, it's all good, it's beautiful
But now I need you to do it faster baby, can you please - do it faster, do it
Faster
Damn baby, I can't do it that fast but I know somebody who can, Twista!

When I catch you looking at the glist on my hands and wrist
While I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis
When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther
I can tell you when I'm messing wit Kan man and Twist in the Chi
And I be sipping hennessey, play some R&B;
While I smoke a b - you can preferably find that I'm a G
And all this (well well well well)
Come wit me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne
You ain't know Twista could work it like the Whispers?
Hit the stop light,  move it to some Isaac
His rims still moving so I bump a lil Spinners
While I'm smoking on a b - dipping through the streets
Bumping r&b;, and I got the leaf, on the 23's
And I do it (well well well well)
Wit my Earth in the Wind smoking Fire
Let me get ya sheets wet listenin to Keith Sweat
Put you in a daze wit Maze
Fulfilling her wit every temptation, slow jam, and havin deep sex
You ready for the world girl, baby come on go wit me
I touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me
And every moment controlling me
I love the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci
And when I come over and bend ya ass, you be bumping Teddy Pendergrass
I done hit it from the back, to the melody and rode it slow
Now I got to go up in it fast, but I'ma finish last
No matter how much of a thug you see
I still spit it like it's r&b;, come to the club wit me
And when some Luther come on I hope you feeling me
And still will be in love wit me

She said she want some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross
A little Anita will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition
Some Minnie Ripperton will definitely set this party off right
(are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be
Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, well well well well)

I know you're thinking, thinking that it must be
Armor All flow cause it never get rusty
I ain't gotta say it, man dawg trust me
Bust somebody head, GLC where was we?
Still rock the Prada 'fore that, rock the Starter
Niggas had the Georgetown, the Magic way harder
Thinking back to the projects, and they way they tore 'em all up
Like when I do a project, and come back and tear the mall up

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

The broads, the cars, the half moon, the stars
I'm like Jeff Fort the way I get behind bars
Burn CDs with no regard for the stars
Come to the crib with conflict diamonds and they ours
Back in '94 they call me Chi-town's Nas
Now them niggas know I'm one of Chi-town's gods
We eating Joe, you still talking no carbs
A conscious nigga with mac like Steve Jobs

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

Your fly is open, McFly
The crowd is open I think I know why
I'm back from the future seen it with my own eyes
And yep, I'm still the future of the Chi
Back in college I had to get my back up off the futon
I knew that I couldn't cop a coup with no coupons
Look at that neutron on his green like crutons
People asking him, "Do you have any grey poupon?"

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

You in the building but the buildings falling
You wouldn't be ballin' if your name was Spalding
My mind get flooded I think about New Orleans
Bout to school y'all niggas, you should call him August
I'm the sun that goes down but I'm still revolving
Southside walk it out, while still you're crawlin'
If rap was Harlem, I be James Baldwin
With money in the bank like G. Rap, we're calling

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

With niggas masked up like Phantom of the Opera
Dreaming of the day they push a phantom to the operas
Can't wait till they say, "Ye ran up at the Oscars."
Poppa, I heard his life is like a movie
Like when Em' played him and Mekhi played a rasta
Mexicans gonna love it like it was for La Raza
But this is for the mobsters, Holla
We some true chi-town legends, accept no imposters

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

Uh, the un-American idol, tower like the Eiffel
Lean wit it, rock wit it, Black like the Disciples
Know when to use a bible, and when to use a rifle
You rap like you should be on the back of a motorcycle
Caught a case of robbery, and 'Beat It' like Michael
Your career is a typo, mine was written like a haiku
I write to 'Do the Right Thing' like Spike do
Through Conflicts that's Crucial and Drama that's Psycho

We coming from the
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), South (side)
South (side), Side of the Chi

I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

Man, man, man
If my manager insults me again I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check, wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah I stole, never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Askin' me about some khakis
But let some black people walk in
I bet they show off their token blacky
Oh now they love Kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store
Saw him on break next to the "No Smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
Takin' my hits, writin' my hits
Writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind
This fuckin' job can't help him
So I quit, y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love dude
Lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers
That's a different world like three summers
I deserve to do these numbers
The kid that made that deserves that Maybach
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow

I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

Man, I'm talkin' way past the sky
Let's go, yeah
And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob
At the same time thirsty on the grind
Chi state of mind
Lost my momma, lost my mind
My life, my love that's not mine
Why you ain't signed?
Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, work for y'all
Half of it's yours, half of it's mine
Only one to ball
Never wanna to fall
Gotta get mine
Gotta take mine
Got a tech nine
Reach my prime
Gotta make these haters respect mine
In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule headset nine
Puttin' them pants shelves
Waitin' patiently I ask myself
Where I want to go, where I want to be
Life is much more than runnin' in the streets
Holla at 'ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet
Sound so sweet
Yes I'm the same ol' G, same goatee
Stayin' low key, nope
Holler at God "Man why'd you had to take my folks?"
Hope to see Freddy G., Yusef G
Love my G, Rolly G
Police watch me smoke my weed and count my G's
Got a lot of people countin' on me
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace
Should of finished school like my niece
Then I wouldn't finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow
Aw man, all this pressure

I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

I remember havin' to take the dollar cab
Comin' home real late at night
Standin' on my feet all damn day
Tryin' to make this thing right
And havin' one of my co-workers say "Yo you look just like
This kid I seen in the old Busta Rhymes video the other night"
Well easy come, easy go
How that sayin' goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
I all had that snatched from me
A and R's and their faculties all turn their back on me
And didn't want to hear a rap from me
So naturally actually had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe with the fridgest starin' back at me
'Cause nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't want to ever go back there
So I won't be takin' no days off 'til my spaceship takes off

I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this grave shift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

I want to fly, I want to fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take me brother for a ride

What you gon' do
Its Good music and G-Unit
Banks
Loso
Ladies and Gentleman
You know they made cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Wait a minute

Big blue, hot and skinny shoot
Cotton candy coupe
Hard knock, orphan Annie loop
Off the stoop ugh
Play with me, see what the screamy do
My canary shoe,
High beems pointed right at you, peek-a-boo
Benji paper made me hater-proof
All your family dues
Menage a trois, purple haze and goose, got me loose
Kick my way in and now I got the juice, Gucci bubble boots
Thousand kicks couple hundred boots gettin' fuckin' loot
My top down, I'm flashing on 'em
I'm passing all them, pullover and hit the hazards on 'em
The ratchet on him, pay my dues, now it's back to ballin'
The raps a boring dead man, I dip the casket for 'em
I'm back performing, I bag 'em
Break their back, don't call 'em
Look down on em like Dikembe, Patrick, Mourning
Cash is pourin'
Stunt stormin, go this bitches out
Camera phones capture everything that pictures don't

You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up
You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
wait a minute 

We keep these G's in an alloy safe
And stash the weed in an Altoids case
They say good things come to those who wait
So I'ma be at least about an hour late
I'm so fresh bitch I should be arrested
New Tody Chester with my nuts on your chest bitch
She said "hey 'Ye"
I said "Yes Bitch"
Damn I'm only asking you a question
I met this milf at the all star getting action
A cougar with more rings than Phil Jackson
Told her beauty is why God invented eyeballs
And her booty is why God invented my balls
I'm a rock star, huh, start it up
Start it up, huh, start it up
So popular you should get a shot of us
Niggas don't take shots at us that is only obvious
The first album I vomited, the second I colonic'd it
Ain't nobody fucking with me, I plutonic'd it
Bet I got some slippers on, bet niggas gon' honor it
These ain't even real clothes homie I'm pyjama rich
Banks told me homie go switch the style up
These bitches on me homie only to arouse us
Told her I ain't paying tonight I'm only browsing
She pulled her blouse up, said "it's free", I said wowzers!

You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up
You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
wait a minute 

Ninja (Ninja)
Kawasaki (Kawasaki) 
Ducati (Ducati)
my old Harley (old Harley)
Rock the party (Rock the party)
Move ya body (Move ya body)
Whats up, (whats up)
Everybody!
Start it up (vroom, vroom)
Start it up (vroom, vroom)
Start it up (vroom, vroom)
Start it up (vroom, vroom)
Start it up (vroom, vroom)
Wait a minute

Lets get it started, 
Get it started, 
Get it started yeah yeah

Ladies and gentleman

Plenty hate, they be taking shots, never penetrate
Money generated, if we ain't in the house, renovate!
Tryna eat, we ain't finna wait
Where's da dinner plates?
B.M.W., ten to 8, interstate 95, passenger
Baddest bitch in the States, half Spanish half Trinidad
Complexion Henny straight
Y'all ain't got your business straight, track star, finna state
Time is money and I can't afford to be a minute late
It's time to make a movie let the haters watch
Diamonds spinning round the bezel that's tornado watch
My independent chick, I like my ladies Koch
She got an appetite for dick, I guess her plates my crotch
That soft as tater top, lil' nigga try me not
Under the wing, fried rice at the Chinese spot
I hear 'em talking it but ain't really living it
Opinions are like assholes so who gives a shit

You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up
You know they mad cause cause cause I'm hood rich
You ain't never ever ever seen a nigga good trick
You want a problem,
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Start it up (vroom vroom)
Wait a minute 
(Wait a minute)
(Wait a minute)

Stay Up

What she got is so Niagara
Make a young nigga straight need Viagra
Make a old nigga give keys to Jaguar
Just to keep from all the tease and laughter
Her telling her homegirls that he couldn't stay up
In the restaurant with her voice way up
Please keep it discreet
Keep the business out of the street
She said "I would if he'll handle biz up in the sheets!"
Pop off like a thang thang
He keep keep
And every time that she bang bang
He skeet skeet
And he so bullheaded tried to three peat
Try imagining something passionate
Between you Cassie and Kim Kardashian
Maybe that'll work when you get to hit that ass again
Or you can grab a Red Bull and sip that twice
Now y'all can have sexy time, is nice!

Man this is classic
Call her National Geographic
Her ass is African, but her eyes so Asian
Plus the waist and, time's a-wastin'
This some good pussy, dog please don't waste it
You said "Fuck that, man I'm gon' tape it!"
And came before you barely even got the tape in
She had the maid outfit, it's all on her apron
I know a friend who got drunk and claim a fat bitch raped him

I heard that bitch hate men and she covers up her crotch
But she love to show her girls like Sanaa Lathan
And she throwing passes like Troy Aikman
And she really into twisting facts like false statements
He's into twisting backs by throwing his weight in
But she ain't waiting for him to rise to the occasion
He's like "Be patient, this a contact sport
So you can save your pep talk, give me that oral support"
And stay up

Stay up

Some people (Yeah)
Some people
Some people really are
Still dreaming (And as the sun sets
and the night falls)
They are still dreaming (and them hoes call)

He pulled up at 6:30 in his 745
As he wavin' his shorty hi, you know he showin' his bling out
She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out
His girl call, feelin' she mad, she threw the ring out

How she found out, she dreamt the whole thing out
Y'all be goin' through problems you gotta work the kinks out
When you go to sleep, what do you think 'bout?
If y'all get a divorce she gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out

Make it so cold that you gotta pull ya mink out
Or grab ya roller skates and, turn a roller rink out
You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle
Meanwhile, she out, doin' the same thing now
Nightmares from your dream gal make ya scream out

Some people really (still dreamin')
Some people really (make ya scream out)
Some people really are (still)
Still dreaming (st-still dreamin')
(O-o-o-o-one two one two
Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true)
They are still dreaming
(O-o-o-o-one two one two
Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true)

Some people really
Some people really
Some people really are

How you a man waitin' for the next man to get rich?
Yo' plan is to stick out yo' hand real quick
So if he feed ya family and he serve you shit
Then he need that head you get and he deserve your bitch

Since you wishin' cash fall from the sky all ya life
Dwellin' on the past when you was alright
When you was gettin' cash but wasn't too bright
Now ya luck down you feel like, bustin' them shells

Nobody owe you, can't do nothin' for self
Want niggaz to show you, how to come up wit' green
I scheme since I'm fourteens, what the fuck was your dream?
Rental cars, little broads, sayin' you was seen

Wit' little niggaz wit' a chain you was doin' ya thing
How high was I? You the thousandth guy
That came around thinkin' we can see, eye to eye
We on a different echelon, coulda got bread together
Now you gets deaded on

Some people really
Some people really
Some people really are

She had several cars, she had credit cards, a castle
Large master bathroom, gettin' a pedicure
Belaney by the glassful, said she been meanin' to ask who
Would need a cash rule, who could blast tools

And I'm eatin' cashews, knew she was bad news
But we mad cool, nothin' sexual 'cause I knew her since high school
Grew up wit' my dudes, like one of my crews
She worked for Fox News

One of her mans that she lent her drop to
Won't come back wit' it so she want him clapped in it
Says it's important that it looks like an accident
She was snortin' and her eyes had bags in it

Sheets was recordin had a wire, askin' shit
Four days before I came by she got bagged wit' bricks
Crossed the line from her world of news castin'
To a world of entrapment, a good girl gone backwards
Still dreamin'

Let me know
Do I still got time to grow
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me

Seems like, street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there

All the street lights, glowin'
Happen to be just like moments, passin'
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination

But I'm just not there
In the streets
In the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair

Seems like, street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there

All the street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there

All the street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination

But I'm just not there
In the streets
In the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair

N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
I need you right now

Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make em like this anymore
I ask, cause I'm not sure:
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
'Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
Specially on my Pastel, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel homey, take six and take this, haters

N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
I need you right now

I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
God put me in the plans or not
I'm tripping, this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand yous, there's only one of me
I'm tripping, I'm caught up in the moment, right?
'Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gonna do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And will do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby you're makin' it (harder, better, faster, stronger)

N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
I need you right now

You know how long I've been on ya?
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya

N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
I need you right now

You know how long I've been on ya?
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya

You know how long I've been on ya?
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya

And I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me the chance to get it right

They got it all
They've got all the things I thought I wanted
But I can't fall
To fake anymore
To live this facade and smile as the warm champagne pours
Out on the lawn
We pretend we're having tonnes of fun in this world where we don't belong
Some bloke all alone
Is she thinking of me
Did she forget what we once had

And I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me the chance to get it right get it right

Oh they got it all you can see they got it all
They got the cars the boat and the beautiful house by the shore
And you know there's more
But I can't take another minute of y'all
He wants his kids and the dog
He wants his breakfast in bed
He's got his trust fund saved
Not a worry in his head
He's not you or me
I wanna break up the scene and see you running back to me

'Cause I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right get it right
Yeah I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova tonight
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right get it right

You've got it wrong if you say our love is gone
You've got it wrong if you say our love is gone

You've got it wrong if you say our love is gone
You've got it wrong if you say our love is gone

You've got it wrong if you say our love is gone

Yeah I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me a chance to get it right get it right

Yeah I feel like taking off
Let me be your supernova tonight
Before you make the biggest mistake of your life
Just give me the chance to get it right get it right

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

No one on the corner,
Mr. West is in the building
Swagger on a hundred thousand, trillion (No one on the corner)
Hey yo I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the pilgrims
Thanksgiving do we even gotta question
Hermes Pastille I pass the dressing
My attitude is tattooed
That means it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on the track I asthma attack it
Why he's so mad for, why he gotta have it
Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Na-na-na, how it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine'a-na-na-na-nal
Trying to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

(No one on the corner) Gotta bop like this
Can't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit (No one on the corner)
Gotta pocket like this
So I rock Roc jeans cause my knots so thick
You can learn how to dress just by
Jockin' my fresh, jockin' jockin' my fresh, jockin' jocking' my fresh
Follow my steps, it's the road to success
Where the niggas know you thorough
And the girls say yes
But I can't teach you my swag
You can pay for school but you can't buy class
School of hard knocks I'm a grad
And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap, it's Hova!
Dipping different rovers whipping with the soda, Hova!
Could you even have any doubt after doubt it was over

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

No one on the corner has swagger like moi, Chuch
But I'm too clean for the choir
I require, what I desire
I got stripes, Adidas
Mami scream papi no mas!
Run up in your shit just me no mas
Running this shit like I got four thighs
None has swagger like this four guys!
When it comes to styles I got several
Sharper than a swagger, dagger all metal
And my jewels, blue and yellow
The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo
Rules as follows stay true to the ghetto
Write your name on the bullet make you feel special, ha
What the fuck you boys talking about?
I know its us cause we the only thing you talk about

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

Yea, ha! Ya think? that's right,
You know see Weezy for the wordplay,
Jeezy for the bird-play,
Kanyeezy for diversity and me for controversy,
All my verses picture perfect all is meant to serve a purpose,
You ain't living what you kicking then you worthless,
Looking from the surface it may seem that I got reason to be nervous
Then observe my work and see that my adversity was worth it,
Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical,
Last thing I'm worried 'bout is what another rapper do,
Ain't nobody hot as me
Even if they rap they ass off
Blast off and have outstanding quality,
Sell a lot of records I respect and salute that,
But spitting real life on hot beats I'm the truth at
You kick it like me no exaggeration necessary,
Living revolutionary, nothing less than legendary,
Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad
Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us

No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger swagger like us
Like us, like us, like us, like us, like us, like us

Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part

Ayy! That part
Bang this shit in the hood one time
Lil bitch I'm back and poppin'
Tell that ugly bitch to move away, I need more options
Broke then fix your pockets, all I do is profit

Quarter million, switchin' lanes, that part
Bet my bitch move the same old thing, that part
405 with the gun off safe, that part
Ayy I'm still tryna make that plate
Rich or poor nigga, pick your fate
Style on top of style, nigga
Five years I've been rich, nigga
Drove Bimmers down Fig, nigga
Pushed Porsche's down Broadway
I've been divin' in different hoes, nigga
Got a chain that's worth the Rolls, nigga
Got an engine back with the top in it
Nigga drivin' it like it's a bomb in it

Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part

Okay, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe
I just left the strip club, got some glitter on me
Wifey gonna kill me, she the female OJ
Y'all don't feel me, man this ain't okay
Four Seasons, take a shower, new clothes, I'm reloaded
Rich nigga, still eatin' catfish
That bitch ain't really bad, that's a catfish
If I walk up out of Saks Fifth
Have the paparazzi doin' back-flips
If I lay you down on the mattress
Blow the back out 'til you backless
Thick, we already established
She just got 'em done, bra-strapless
Yeah! Okay
Okay, okay, okay! (That part)
Beggars can't be choosers, bitch this ain't Chipotle (That part)
Nigga with an attitude, I feel like O'Shea (That part)
Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe (That part)

Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part

Ayy! That part
Bang this shit in the hood one time
Lil bitch I'm back and poppin'
Tell that ugly bitch to move away, I need more options
Broke then fix your pockets, all I do is profit

Few million made and still ain't changed, that part
Me, my girl got matchin' bling, that part
I'mma get so blowed, I'mma lose my brain, that part
Me and XO only thing go straight
Need me a bitch that'll go both ways
Style on top of style, nigga
Since a youngin' I wanted to ball, nigga
Had a pistol in my drawls, nigga
When I was broke, I had the sauce, nigga
Got a Chevy with side to side on it
Hundred spokes, the dang-d-dangs on it
Got a chopper to stand the fire too
I put your Uzi down beside you

Me no conversate with the fake, that part
All my bitches independent bitches, that part
I just want the paper, that part
All my bitches flavored
That part, that part, that part, that part
Ayy! That part
That part
That part

Walkin', livin' legend, man I feel like Kobe (That part)
I just dropped 60, man I feel like Kobe
Lamar was with me, man I feel like Kobe
Pippen at my weddin', man I feel like Jordan
Trippin' at my weddin', I be raaa-uh-ayy
Ain't say shit, nigga
You was listenin' close though
You was listenin' to hoes though
You wouldn't listen to the flow though
Listen to the 'Go
Listen to a young nigga from the 'Go though
I'mma freestyle this mothafucka, who knew?
When I'm with my niggas, nigga, ScHoolboy Q
And uh, Top Dawg, call Top Dawg
Get that nigga on the phone
Top Dawg on the phone!
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy! Hah!

What ya hear this time
Go on and speak ya mind
I know somebody's lying
It's always something
Her auntie told your cousin
Then all your homies jumped in
And now the whole hoods buzzing
He said, she said
Don't let it get in ya head
Baby don't say
Something that you will regret
I'm on your team
It's us against them you'll see
Hey, we ain't gon stop
They just want what we got

The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious
How can they talk about our love
When they don't know one thing about
Instead they just running they mouth
So all we do is tune them out

I swear they got some nerve
Spreadin what they heard
I cant give them no run
I can't be concerned with all that talk
I won't be involved
That's my word
See I'm not the one
They got me confused
They got me messed up
Don't you think I've had enough
When it comes to what we do
All that matters is us two
Don't pay them no mind
We just goin' show and prove

The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious
How can they talk about our love
When they don't know one thing about
Instead they just running they mouth
So all we do is tune them out

Here's a couple of things I can't honor man
How you listen to a girl who still wanna man
Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Man
I'm wondering why she red to go like Wanda Van
When we met you was a V like manana man
Now you went field running plays like Donovan
Knick nav before you get in a cab
I trade in my cab
Just to take you back to last summer man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest
You don't remember I called you Reece's Pieces
'Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around giggle said you so nuts
But nowadays we acting way too grown up
But how ya ex girl get that new number
The rumors was so numerous
For sticking by me I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why

The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious
How can they talk about our love
When they don't know one thing about
Instead they just running they mouth
So all we do is tune them out

The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious
How can they talk about our love
When they don't know one thing about
Instead they just running they mouth
So all we do is tune them out

Welcome to the bank
Where you deposit Young Money, and you get Cash Money
I'm Tunechi, the Boss
And live from the vault, is Busta Bust

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yo
Swag mania, pop that goes most
Carry the most beautiful bitches
With us, happily toast
Keep the faculty close
Gross want me, give them a dose
Got them ODing, leaning in each coast
Scenery froze, take notes, Rock Rolls
Diamonds that fit in Chanel Minks in the winter
Who fucking with us?
We coming to give them the shivers, watery flows, spilling like rivers
Flooding the street, hoping niggas' swimming is moving gorillas
King Kongs, Godzillas when we roll up
Seat filling niggas, get up when we show up

Uh, shit
Please don't throw up
Hold your liquor, grow up
If you robbing niggas, we going to show you how to blow up
Thank your lucky stars, it's the Rap Czar, tuck your shit in
My niggas bite like Rin Tin Tin, my chagrin
You never win, model thin, walking crack in your shin
She gives in every time that I spin
Square up, bow down to the kings of the hall
We wade on, talk shit while we ball
So what's cracking with yall?

Made in New York, and the slick talking thieves of the order [?]
Call the reporter, stepping like the British walkers
Legendary swag flu and see the influence, see how we do it
Get them into it steadily. God, I'm stupid, so undisputed
Act fool, back tool, until they pop off
Police crowd up the street, blocking them off, locking them off
Got these niggas wilding while I signal my soldiers
Posting it up, maintaining composure, staying on the sofa
Thirty bottles, twenty waitresses, bring them over
See how we light up shit, nigga, call the promoter
And tell that nigga bring the bag, better hurry up with it
And count the money up proper, cause you can get it

Yeah
It feel good, don't it?
It feel good, don't it?
Hey, I want to let yall know
Hey, hey
I want to let yall know
This Yeezy
And you listening to Q-Tip

Set them up, stiletto up, saddle up and let's go
Good times, only difference, niggas making your dough
Chatter is up, peep the way we batter it up
On top of the mountain, folding the ladder up
You dead and done rip up your paper, cause your status is none
Transfixed on the strengths of the page, whether chopper or gauge [?]
You're just a single, cause you wouldn't engage
Turnt up with the script on the cup, you keep the goggles[?] with us

See how we push sometimes man forget cuff, beat him the head
Boop-be-de-de-boff, zippity-boof
Beat him in the head again, "stop killing me, Wolf!"
Whop!
Beat a nigga till he drop, piggity-poof!
Oxy in me pulse
He don't want no problem with niggas
Fuck it, let's get to drinking, poison our livers
Dammit, we sinners when me and Abstract are together, see we deliver
She got me touching it, fucking on all my fingers, dammit we winners
Pillaging this rap shit, homie, they know
Kill everything until it's time for me to go
That's when I bomb it with a blow
And then I black and get a little bit dummy
The microphone is bleeding, you should take it from me!

Incredibly we do it, and it resonates the music
I tune it, YouTube it, it could never ever be refuted
It's gnarly for niggas and naughty for ninas
Bitches and ballerinas
Ballers and in-betweeners
Blatant non-believers and over-achievers
Kicking it in paisley[?] Adidas
Drink Aliz in liters
All of you must reconcile a leader
She's begging to eat us, and her man's attitude defeated
But never a scandal, because me and Busta came to handle, we gentlemen

Not to mention, we're veterans
Second, he need some medicine
Before I black[?] as he get off my premises
Better fly, you pelican, idiot ass niggas
But then again, you need a suit for your funeral measurements
See me doing it effortless?
It's never getting no better than this
Giving your shit to convince a better preference
Watch me turn them to skeletons
See how I come and bring out the betterness?
Time is with it and I rep the foreverness
Flying, United Emirates - sized private plane, that kind of etiquette
Purchasing diamonds, handle them delicate
Now you need you a better ref
You could peep us regulating, see we all in this bitch like we ain't never left

Just point out the bounce
Uh-huh, show me the bounce, yeah
Just point out the bounce, yeah
Timbo the king, yeah
Young Hov' the king, yeah
Just point out the bounce
Yes, just point out the bounce nigga
Yo, listen

Rumor has it "The Blueprint" classic
Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden
So September 11th marks the era forever
Of a revolutionary Jay Guevero
Now it's a whole museum of, Hov' MCers
Everybody duping the flow, you see 'em
Everybody looping up soul
It's like you trying to make "The Blueprint 2" before Hov'
Shout out to Just Bleezy and, Kan-yeezy
See how we adjusted the game so easy
Chicks barely dancing, glancing every chance they get
Like, oh shit, he's so handsome
Still in demand in the longest run standing
Kidnap rap seven years, no ransom
Can't one nigga get it back no rap
Young Hov's goin to Canton, I'm now eligible

Point out the bounce, and show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
Point out the bounce, I turn a 8 to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R.O.C.
Point out the bounce, Timbo the king nigga
Yeah
Point out the bounce, yeah, Young Hov' the king nigga

I got why'all

For those that think Hov' fingers bling bling'n
Either haven't heard the album or they don't know English
They only know what the single is, and singled that out
To be the meaning of what he is about
And being I'm about my business, not mingling much
Running my mouth, that shit kept lingering
But no dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinkling
The album width to keep the registers ringing
In real life, I'm much more distinguished
I'm like a bloke from London, England
Yeah, you jingling baby
See I go right back and I bring 'em in baby
Business mind of a Ross Perot, but never lost my soul
Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row
Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good
Slanging them O's like a real O.G. should
Oh, he's good, no he would never sell out he's so young

Point out the bounce, and show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
Point out the bounce, I turn a 8 to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R.O.C.
Point out the bounce, Timbo the king nigga
Yeah
Point out the bounce, yeah, Young Hov' the king nigga

Magazines call me a rock star, girls call me cock star
Billboard, pop star, neighborhood block star
Chi-Town go-getting pimps, we mobsters
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated are
O.C., O.G., Bobby Johnson son
Ask me, "Rey-Rey, is that yo' car?"
I seen MTV, I know who you are
You did "Takeover," do you got beef with Nas?
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold
Platinum to go, yeah that's the flow
All I, know, I gots the flow
And I don't play cause I'm from Chicago

Point out the bounce, and show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
Point out the bounce, I turn a 8 to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R.O.C.
Point out the bounce, Timbo the king nigga
Yeah
Point out the bounce, yeah, Young Hov' the king nigga

Point out the bounce [Repeat: x5]

Bury all your secrets in my skin
Come away with innocence, and leave me with my sins
The air around me still feels like a cage
And love is just a camouflage for what resembles rage again

So if you love me, let me go.
And run away before I know.
My heart is just too dark to care.
I can't destroy what isn't there.
Deliver me into my fate, if I'm alone I cannot hate
I don't deserve to have you
My smile was taken long ago, if I can change I hope I never know

I still press your letters to my lips
And cherish them in parts of me that savor every kiss
I couldn't face a life without your light
But all of that was ripped apart, when you refused to fight

So save your breath, I will not care.
I think I made it very clear.
You couldn't hate enough to love.
Is that supposed to be enough?
I only wish you weren't my friend.
Then I could hurt you in the end.
I never claimed to be a saint
My own was banished long ago, it took the death of hope to let you go

So break yourself against my stones
And spit your pity in my soul
You never needed any help
You sold me out to save yourself
And I won't listen to your shame
You ran away, you're all the same
Angels lie to keep control
My love was punished long ago
If you still care, don't ever let me know
If you still care, don't ever let me know

Uh, Felli Fel, Neyo, Yeesy, calm down, easy, easy.
Keep tellin' me you got a man,
But he can't do what I can,
Let me, show you what you been missin',
Keep show'in you the minor thing,
Let me, show you the finer thing,
Let me, show you what your missin',

Right about this time raise your glasses,
What's my motivation, that ass is,
Start a conversation, like as if,
You really want to know about a day in that shit,
Go ahead and tell the dj to play swizz,
So I ain't gotta tell these hoes who I is,
Bitches hating again that's music too me ears,
What's you think my fuel was for all of the years?
Im inspired when people don't like me,
They keep me writing so exciting,
Man, the drama is so enticing,
I might just bite ''a'' motherfucker like tyson,
Just too fly'ed a motherfucker so change,
Trow your cash, that's cake and ice'in,
I ask'd her you buying?
She said no just sight-seeing,
Maybe that's just because you ain't found the right thing? yeah!

Keep tellin' me you got a man,
But he can't do what I can,
Let me, show you what you been missin',
Keep show'in you the minor thing,
Let me, show you the finer thing,
Let me, show you what your missin',

Let me show you what is like too be the wife
Of a nigga with a life,
That make your head spin around,
See it's funny because I know what you like,
But I be see'in you with nigga's that ain't right, round hard top,
Know'in that you really, really want's your top down,
Know'in it is really time too stop running around,
We don't live twice, only life once,
And I know you like nice,
So how you gone front on me?
Baby, im the boss jd,
With him it's a limit,
With me it's a spree,
He buy car's,
I write you poetry,
He send flowers,
I send Mercedes,
Like ye, say, heaven is anything that heaven ain't is,
And yes, I guess, I'm into trick'in of buiss,
But shit, if you had it like I got it,
The you got it as a kid,
You say the same thing to a girl,
That I just said

Keep tellin' me you got a man,
But he can't do what I can,
Let me, show you what you been missin',
Keep show'in you the minor thing,
Let me, show you the finer thing,
Let me, show you what you been missin',

The life I live, fit for a king,
Now all I need fine little dime that's sharin my shine you sit back and watch the haters go blind,

I'm not tryin' to keep it lost too a minimum,
If you associating been in em winning em, then I say I was nine out of ten of them,
Frankly I know been and them I like spending them,
You like the smooth and can white lend'in them,
You wan't a thug, hey I look good in a timb,
You might win some, but everybody lost one,
I put a check on that like air force one's,
It's easier to lose her then to find her, so wine her and dine her, and treat her to the finer,
Things, lines, from the top designers,
Bling, shine, like you tryin' to blind her,
These are just reminders,
Just too sign ''her'',
Show her you find ''her'',
Eight, one of a kind ''her'',
See alote of ass, and that one behind her!
Let's just say that im diggin that like a miner, ya digg

Keep tellin' me you got a man,
But he can't do what I can,
Let me, show you what you been missin',
Keep show'in you the minor thing,
Let me, show you the finer thing,
Let me, show you what you been missin',

Kanye, Neyo, JD, low so, Felli Fel on the track,
All the hater take two step's back, and we gone!

Good morning America, good morning to Erica
Who gave me good head while watching good morning America
And good day New York, have a good day in court
My niggaz drive around the hood looking for good ye' to snort
I never liked the goodbyes, always caught a good vibe
Always had a good time, could always spot a good guy
From a good guy, look alive, look alive, look or try
You know that old saying what they say about good guys
I bet that's why I went bad, needed all my chips bad
Fiends needed it bad, started hittin' liq' bad
Had to get that work off before that shit went bad
If not, it gets bad, and things will only get bad
So now I'm getting bad skin, and I got that badge and
Tellin me them bastards, don't catch a bad break
Caught a bad rate on whip with bad brakes
I'm caught up in these bad ways havin a bad day
So now the game's ugly, and my pain's ugly
And my chain's ugly, things became ugly, 'cause I'm ugly ducklin'
Got a stain and its musty, wakin' up looking crusty
And miss thang who's ugly is sayin' to me "don't touch me"
I went from pretty willie to pretty silly
But I'm still pretty gully so you thins will still get pretty ugly
And this is for the hoods, the crabs, the junkies
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly

We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get ya money ain't no telling they gon love me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
When your money get funny and them days ain't sunny
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
Niggaz give pounds and hug me, tho they really wanna slug me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this for the hood, you got to love me

Good morning to ummm, I don't remember your name
But I remember the brain, here go a fare for the train and
Good morning to Chi-Town, where my niggaz ride down
And bust clowns, and look for some bustdowns to bust down
And she ain't got a car she on the bus now
But her gear is bangin', she one of us now
I wanted badly to bone 'cause she was bad to the bone
She from a batter home, she mad when she at home
So I gave her my number to beep off, she wanted to take a week off
Bustin scary movie nuts, I had to get the freak off
The new Tom Cruise, took the Moulan Rouge on a too long cruise
She said "I ain't bonin you with them two long shoes"
And I get bougie in a grape poupon mood
So I'm gon act cheap in a coupon mood
She said "Ye' you don't love me"
I told her that's the good, the bad, the ugly

We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
B.I.G. said get ya money ain't no telling they gon love me
We showin' you the good, the bad, the ugly
And this for the hood, you got to love me

Good morning to Queens, the north side of my scene
And when it comes down to it, I'm a ride for my team
See it's a beautiful life, but the bills will make it ugly
And the beauty of life, is when you're forced to make it ugly
Had a beautiful night, until a storm done made it ugly
And a beautiful wife, now we divorcing and its ugly
Now my mind state is ugly, my blind dates are ugly
I'm ready to turn it up in the streets and make it ugly
Used to sit in Mr. Uglies with these chickens that were ugly
And these bitches used to bug me to the point it made me ugly
Say things that were ugly in regards to their tummies
But I took it all back, 'cause God don't like ugly
Now I'm curbin' my bad words, they say that the bad burn
I left it on bad terms, with a chic with a bad perm
Whose case took a bad turn, and face caught a bad burn
And took the news bad when they said she had bad germs
The bad thing about it, the bitch was bad and bout it
But the pussy smelled bad, so I had to get up out it
So now we got bad blood, her son is a bad blood
But it happens in the hood when you inherit that bad blood
And once it get bad, it be bad for good
That's bad meaning bad not bad meaning good
But I greet it as good, when you leave with the good
Its all good in the hood, got called good 'cause I'm good
Now I'm havin' some good nights, livin' this good life
Got me a good girl that I'm gon make me a good wife
So I'm, good to go, and I'm good where I go
Look my man got good aim and that's a good thing to know
And he came home for good, off of good behavior
Spittin' that good game, so what's good with this paper
And this is for the hoods, the crabs, the junkies
We showin' you the good the bad the ugly

Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Boy, you could not miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you

I do it for the fore-fathers and the street authors
That are not A&R;'s in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us
Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood planned parenthood
Cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that plan B pill
Another shorty that won't make it to the family will
If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feel
Don C just had a shorty so it's not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Boy, you could not miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you

No Electro, no metro, a little retro, I perfecto
You know the demo, ya boy act wild
You ain't get the memo, Yeezy's back in style
Now when Rome go Gidget the other got Bridget
What's more tripped out though is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen, they black, they sisters
They momma, named them after white bitches
No next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the Jewerly's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian
Stupid questions like "Is he gon' be dope again?"
Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?
This beat deserves Hennessy, a bad bitch and a bag of weed, the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity

Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Boy, you could not miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you

This is my momma shit
I used to hear this through the walls in the hood
When I was back in my pajama shit
Afro's and marijuana sticks, seeds and the ganja hat
Will be popping like the sample that I'm rhyming with
Pete Rock, let the needle drop
I seen so much as a kid they surprised I don't needle pop
Taking sips of pop, six packs of millanips
Pink champel, Valentine L
Bally's on my feet help me balance out well
That and the shit I used to balance on the scale
I got it honest from the parties from my momma's
Virgin Mary's try to judge her, I'm like "where the Madonna's now?"
Give all glory to Gloria, they said "you raised that boy too fast,
But you was raising a warrior"
We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us

Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up
Don't let them take your fire
Keep you hands up, get mine up

It's Pete Rock, Kanye, one, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, one, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, one, two, okay
It's Pete Rock, Kanye, one, two, okay

You just popped in the Kanye West
"Get Right For The Summer" workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude with a car
So first of all we gonna work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass

One and two and three and four and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came

It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out, work it out now

Ooh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set
Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks yea I bought them cars
Still kill a nigga on sixteen bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies
We juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day girl we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl
If you ain't fit girl, I'll still hit girl
One and you brought two friends
OK, three more now hop in the Benz
Four door, do you know the difference between a five, six, seven, eight
All the mocha lattes you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas

It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out, work it out now

Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to
Kanye's workout plan, I was able to pull a NBA player
And like now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive
I just want to say, thank you Kanye! Woo! Woo! Woo!

My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say
Since listening to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
Put on my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no mo'

Work it (mo')
Juke it (mo')
Pump it (mo')
Chi-town (mo')
Let's go (mo')

My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama
And I just want to say since listening to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
And I rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane

Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man
And I ain't gotta work at the mall again

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
Favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(It's like that old Michael Jackson shit) work it out

That's right put in work, move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (allow myself to introduce myself)
His workout plan (this time around I want y'all to clap like this)

That's right, put in work
Move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok breathe)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His workout plan (To give me a soul clap ok? Double time)

That's right, put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go berserk (Ow!)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve

That's right, put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)

That's right, put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's very good)
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Woah, yeah

The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'mma be here till it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

I'm the one, baby
Yeah, I'm the one, baby
Since God gave his only begotten son, baby
It's hard preachin' the gospel to the slums lately
So I had to put the church on the drums, baby
You on a run, baby
You on a run, baby
You think you free but you a slave to the funds, baby
You think you me, but you ain't me, what you done lately?
Mm hm that's cool but I been runnin' on the sun, baby
We on a galaxy the haters cannot visit
That's my reality so get off my Scott Disick
If you ever held a title belt you would know how Michael felt
Tyson, Jackson, Jordan, Michael Phelps
Yeah, had to take it to another realm
'Cause everything around me got me underwhelmed
Best way to describe my position is at the helm
Best way to describe my new whip, yeeuum!

The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'mma be here 'til it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

I told Detroit I'ma fuckin' get it
I told my brother we'll be fuckin' winnin'
Ye told me I'm the man for the job
So I told my mom, call her's up and tell 'em that she quittin'
Started off in that Chevrolet,
But it's Ferrari's I gotta drive I'm on HBO with my entourage,
I'm 5'9' fuck a 9 to 5 I need a hundred million no compromise
I'm a double X L nigga,
Magazine and condom size see what I seen and be traumatized
I don't wait, I marinate, variate erryday
Every state, sold out, fuck around and need a barricade
My weed loud I need a hearing aid
Livin' life behind a pair of shades
I be a billionaire if I could get a dollar
For all the bullshit that I hear a day, I did it

The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'mma be here till it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one (One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

Treat the back seat like a sofa bed
Break bread with my niggas, call it profit share
This some good shit, but it get better
And yeah my bitch cold, nigga thin sweater
Like my verse suede and the beat leather
Just tryin' to stay above sea level
When my nigga went to jail, I said, "Free Gucci"
I done bought so much shit, I should get free Gucci
Bought my baby momma anaconda bags
I shouldn't have bought it all
I should've went and cut the grass
Snake ass niggas in my fuckin' face
Bring your girl here nigga so I could fuck her face
Yeah I run this place, this is cashmere swag
Niggas treadmillin' goin' nowhere fast
Sittin' courtside at the Hawks game
Louis on, I could trip a fuckin' ball player

Fuck yeah, awesome yeah I lost some, of my mind
And then I found peace it was really kind,
Of awesome it's possible, goddamn right
I've been honest the whole time

Fuck yeah, awesome yeah I lost some, of my mind
And then I found peace it was really kind,
Of awesome it's possible, goddamn right
I've been honest the whole time

Take a sip of this, eh, let's go
I want you to feel this beat baby, come on girl let's go

Listen, (what's up), this ain't the way I wanted it to end
But I got to go
Gotta get missing
You ain't gotta kick me out
I'll get out my own house
But you still need to get your shit together girl

What do I do, what do I say
Gotta get us back to the way
That we used to be back in the day
Who do I call to talk to
Shawty, you ain't gotta be scared of me
All we need is therapy

Like 1, 2, 3, 4 get the hell up out my door
5, 6, 7, 8 I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
9, 10, 11, 12 you can go to hell all I care, yeah
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)

Listen, (what's up), I know you ain't used to us being friends
But I got to go
No more kissing
You ain't got to go away
But I know I cannot stay
'Cause you still gotta get your shit together girl

What do I do, what do I say
Gotta get us back to the way
That we used to be back in the day
Who do I call to talk to
Shawty, you ain't gotta be scared of me
All we need is therapy

Like 1, 2, 3, 4 get the hell up out my door
5, 6, 7, 8 I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
9, 10, 11, 12 you can go to hell all I care, yeah
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)

You too much pressure doll
You gonna raise my cholesterol
I gotta lower the phone, decibels
Just to talk, just a thought
I'm gonna get a girl with a ass just as soft
Who swear man dolls like reservoir
And I was mister pink
Remember those nights on the kitchen sink
I was choking you in a good way, good way
Now we in the streets and I'm choking you in a hood way
When the cops come what I could say
You know how all that gossip is
Next morning box of Perez
Any girl I take out media take care of
I need a break now
Before I break now

Show me your Janet Jackson's if you nasty
You said you want to cut my nuts off like Jesse Jackson, classy
Why she say that ouch
Bitch, give me back my couch
And that same couch cashed in
Now listen to t-pain sing

Like 1, 2, 3, 4 get the hell up out my door
5, 6, 7, 8 I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
9, 10, 11, 12 you can go to hell all I care, yeah
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)
Can't do it shawty, can't deal with you babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (yeah yeah)

They say what's happenin'?
We say the facts and if, they lie
We comin' back for them
They might say, but they don't know!
(they say, they say)
They don't know

They say a nigga lost his mind
But in the scheme of things I never lost a rhyme
The thin line between love and hatred
I'm the black pill in the matrix, the saturated life
They say life is what you make it
So I wait quick on a spaceship so I can take it
As high as the stakes get when paper get low
I be telling derick, "tell kara get us a show"
Little com, I make righteous bitches get low
The richest man ain't necessarily the nigga wit dough
They say "you ripped" "wow" yea, that's what they say
My niggas couldn't tell it was me, like jamie in ray
Painting a day, wit focused crime, broads, and good wine
They say "dope is sour so it's homework and hood crimes"
I stood mine, for forever and a day so goodbye
They never could say, tell 'em, j

They say what's happenin'?
We say the facts and if, they lie
We comin' back for them
They might say, but they don't know!
(they say, they say)
They don't know

The sweet taste of victory
Go head and breath it in like antihistamine
I know they saying "damn, yea snapped wit this beat!"
Fuck you expect? I've got a history
Groupie love now, gotta be them wheels!
Haters back down, gotta be that steel!
I know they cant wait till ya outta ya deal!
Look how they did d'angelo ask em how do it feel!
My best friends worry bout me
'Cause they know when you famous/fame-ass
And you had made cash the media aims at us and you be up so high
If you ever fall off, it feel like a plane crash
But god don't ever give me nothing I cant handle
So please don't ever give me records I cant sample
So I could vacate where it ain't no channels
But it's quite ok for a gangsta to wear sandals
They say because of the fame and stardom
I'm somewhere in between the church and insane asylum
I guess it's messing with my health then
And this verse so crazy when I finish
I'm just going check myself in, again

They say what's happenin'?
We say the facts and if, they lie
We comin' back for them
They might say, but they don't know!
(they say, they say)
They don't know

They say "dude think he righteous"
I write just to free minds, from stoney to rikers
Amongst the lifeless, in a world crazy as mike is
On my paper, whether its weed or isis
They say "life is a game," so I play hard
Writing for my life cause I'm scared of a day job
They say "sef kept the hood together"
I tell the young, "we can't play the hood forever"
Play my cards right, they say I went to left
They showed me strange love, like I was mr. f
Played chess in this game of, pawns and knights
Now I claim "king" like don, or frank white
They say my life is comparable to christ's
The way I sacrificed, and resurrected, twice
They say "the crochet pants and the sweater was wack"
Seen "the corner", now they say "that nigga's back," uh

They say what's happenin'?
We say the facts and if, they lie
We comin' back for them
They might say, but they don't know!
(they say, they say)
They don't know

Now turn it up, turn it up (a little louder)
Turn it uup, turn it up (little louder)
Now turn it up (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
Now turn it up, turn it up

(Yeah) Yo, I can't live my I, I can't live my
Life this way, continuously get high
Instead of runnin 'round, lock one bird down
It's a new day gotta do it big just to get right
Show no respect can't live that way
You hold my check can't live that way
Without my chick on deck, can't live that way
They say what they like, but I've been that way
Our moves calculated through the lens, almost here
Success will be the best revenge
Man, from Clint East' to Kanye West (whut up, whut up!)
The sun can't chill but everyday it sets (everyday!)

This time I made up my mind
This time I'm back on my prime
I know there's things in my life
That I'ma let go startin' tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way, I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way

My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now, she a christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan
I'm pullin' girls off the bench like a sixth man
I'm in the club doin' the same ol' two step
While Omegas doin' the same ol' "Q" step
I have my money on my mind I was thinkin' green
She a pledge A.K.A. She was pink and green
I wanna a good girl she want a gentleman
We sayin' the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spittin' game I was scrimmaging
My penmanship's so hard it needs censorship
I'ma Chicagoan till Chicago ends
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, gettin' laid or gettin' paid
I just know when I'm gettin one, the other's gettin' away
This way

This time I made up my mind
This time I'm back on my prime
I know there's things in my life
That I'ma let go startin' tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way, I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way

Go 'head, flip a coin so the game don't stop
Believe I know the drama, kid name the part
I learnt before the hot flame came the spark
It's like before the pop fame came the park
But this industry'll play with yo' life man
They playin with yo' rent, food, water and lights man (yeah)
That's why Rakaa brings it like that ol' "Tidy T" jam
The battleram, then I'm off to Amsterdam
To rest up for strength to deal with this weight
To deal with these deals to deal with this hate
I dedicate this Jam Master Jay
Run-D.M.C. Showed me how to walk, this way

This time I made up my mind
This time I'm back on my prime
I know there's things in my life
That I'ma let go startin' tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way, I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way

This way
This way
This way, ay
This way
This way
This way
This way, ay

I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wi-zerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane, scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she been trying to be mine
She a Delta, so she been throwing that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryin to be lyin', I been trying to be signed
Trying to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here, history in the making, man

What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking about coke and birds
It was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down?
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt!
I swear to God driver two wants to sue
I got a lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I
Looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel
'Cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what you thought, they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

You know what I'm saying
When the doctor told me I had a um, I was goin' to have a plate on my chin
I said dog, don't you think didn't you realize I'll never make it on the plane now
It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on
Can't be serious man

Let me see you put your middle fingers up, to the world,
I made up in my mind
I'm doin' things my way, I'm burnin' shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me say it one more time (fingers up)

To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up, middle fingers up!

(Motherfucker) Deuces minus one
Middle finger to the sky tonight (Ay, ay, ay)
The whole world is a couch
Bitch I'm Rick James tonight (I don't give a fuck)
Throw it up, throw it up
'Cause you can't take it with you
Funny how they wait 'til you gone just to miss you
To the world, to the world
Then I'm on my Sinatra, I'm doing it my way,
Let's take it a notch up, take it up

Let me see you put your middle fingers up! To the world
I made up in my mind
Doin' things my way, I'm burning shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me see you one more time (fingers up)

To the world, to the world, to the world
Mm' ain't this some shit? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up, like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, and a movie, and a score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Foreign Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross had told me that
Said I'd be all up in Goldman Sachs like, "These niggas tryna hold me back
These niggas tryna hold me back", I'm just trying to protect my stacks
Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axel Foley at?
"Ease up there, baby boy", Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap
Shitting on you, holy crap

Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up

I could give it all up, but it's not enough
Ay ay, here you go, my middle finger
To the world, to the world, from the ground to the moon
Hills to the mountains, yeah hands to the roof
Give it up, give it up, won't let you deny me
Makin' you love me, makin' you love me

We in the streets player, get your mail
It's only two places you'll end up, either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go
Now throw ya hands up bustless, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go, sill nowhere to go

Two words, United States, no love, no brakes
Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks
Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
Presidential scandals, everybody move!
Two words, Mos Def, K West, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game ball, lock shit, dump off, cock shit
We won't stop shit, everybody move!
Two words, BK , NY, Bed-Stuy
Two hawks, too hungry, too many, that's why
These streets know game, can't ball, don't play
Every traffic, one lane, everybody move!
Two words, Mos Def, black jack, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game point lock, long pump cocked
We won't stop, everybody move!

Now throw ya hands up bustless, busters (Throw your hands up high)
Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (oh)
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go (oh)

And keep ya hands up bustless, busters (Till they reach the sky)
Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (oh)
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go (oh)

Hey yo, two words, Chi town, South side, world wide
Cause I, rep that, till I, fucking die
One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
One wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "Gimme that"
I am limelight, Blueprint, 5 Mics
Go get his rhyme like, should of been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated
Barbershop, player hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it
Felt like it rained till the roof caved in
Two words, Chi town, raised me, crazy
So I live by two words, "Fuck you, pay me"
Screaming, Jesus save me
You know how the game be
I can't let em change me
Cause on Judgment Day, you gon' blame me
Look God, it's the same me
I (Throw) basically know now (Your) we could (Up) racially profile (High)
Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (oh)
Plus I got a whole city to hold down (oh)
From the bottom to the top
So only place to go down

And keep ya hands up bustless, busters (Till they reach the sky)
Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (oh)
Still nowhere to go, still nowhere to go (oh)

Two words, Freeway, two letters, A-R
Turn y'all rap niggas into two words, fast runners
Like Jackie Jurner, you better sleep with your burner
The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car
My God, two words, no guns, break arms
Break necks, break backs, Steven Segul
Free young bars, fresh men of the Roc
Left the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs
And broads, forget ya squad, let em find for yourself
Have you screaming out four words "Send for the Lord"
Two words, Freeway's slightly retarded
Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad

Throw (red) Your (white) hands (blue) Up (black)
Throw (calm) Your (down) hands (move) Up (back)
Throw (motherfuckers) your (asking) hands (who is) up (that)
Throw (you know) your (it's the) hands (almighty) up (Black Jack)
Throw (Mos) your (Def) hands (K) up (West)
Throw (there go) your (people) hands (get this) up (shit off ya chest)
Throw (north) your (to the south) hands (to the east) up (to the west)
Throw (we got) your (that concert) hands (it was no) up (contest)
High! (an show it to 'em like)

Ooh I don't need y'all either
Ooh don't wanna talk about it
Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody
I guess I don't
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)

Oh oh, she gon' be mad right? Ain't that too bad, right?
Wanna catch that cab, right? Take back that bag, right?
I guess that she just gon' go buy herself that purse
I'm back on my Chicago shit and this aint what you want. Shout out to Lil Durk
I'm the villain, no really I'm just chillin'
Tryna stack these 20s, 50s, hundreds, millions, to the ceilin'
Mary, Mary all I need, pussy, money, weed
And all my women in doubles, I'm at the DoubleTree
All I hear hoes callin' out wildin', on the road like every day
We everywhere, any day and anywhere that the money say
No questions, no questions please, just on your knees
Blow, don't sneeze, bitch shut up, don't breathe
Gasp, on the gas, 'til I crash, autopsy said that nigga mashed
All praise to Allah, not Ramadan but these bitches fast
Fuck in the party, pull up her skirt, then skrr
Who her? I forgot her name

Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like, ooh like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody, like I don't know nobody
(Oh you mad, huh?)
I guess I don't
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)

There go another lawsuit
In court so much, man I should've went to law school
Everybody brawlin', it was all cool
'Til I hit the bartender with the bars-tool
I don't fuck with fake dudes wearin' fake trues
I just talked to 2 Chainz and he said, "tru"
I feel like MJ, I'm in his shoes
I'm talkin' Montell Jordan, this is how we do
Bust a nigga head and then I lay low
These niggas ass-water, get the Drano
She ain't really bad, she a photo thot
I should hire this bitch, she so damn good at Photoshop
That Lexapro got me drowsy than a heart attack
I think they finally think they got me where they want me at
I got seven hundred emails in my inbox
What that mean? I ain't callin' nobody back

Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like, ooh like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody, like I don't know nobody
I guess I don't
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)

I be catchin' too many stares this evening, God fearin' but God knows I'm on a roll
At the Louvre in Paris, still be on the block like a corner store
Ain't my fault you ain't the man, made a plan, man it was planned
They sleeping on me like long flights, I pop a Xan on the way to France
Paparazzi like, "oh that's him!", pour that gin, let's get faded
Drinkin' like it's no tomorrow, what's today? I'm in the Matrix
Hater, please let me live my life, swear to God I be tryna do right
But if she bad I might hit a bitch in the elevator like Ray Rice
Uh, y'all pay the price, I pay the difference, it's just different
Save money, ain't nothin' different, gunshots and jumpin' fences
Hold on I'm tryna get loose, please don't get shit confused
Ask Don C, I've been lit, this 'Ye shit just lit the fuse
Now I'm on fire, everybody go quiet (sshhh)
Like where was you last week? My nigga the fuck was you hidin'?
Like I was laying on my arm I'm on my side
South side, I'm down to start a riot

Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like I don't, like I don't know nobody
Ooh like, ooh like I don't know nobody
Like I don't know nobody, like I don't know nobody
(Oh you mad, huh?)
I guess I don't
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh you mad, huh?)
(Oh oh you mad, huh?)

I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need you now, oh, I
Pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything (Thing, thing, thing)

I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war
I'm tryna keep my faith

So why send oppression not blessings?
Why, oh why'd you do me wrong? (More)
You persecute the weak
Because it makes you feel so strong
(To save) Don't have much strength to fight
So I look to the light
(War) To make these wrongs turn right
Head up high, I look to the light
Hey, cause I know that you'll make everything alright
And I know that you'll take good care of your child
Oh, no longer am afraid of the night
Cause I, I look to the light

When they come for you, I will shield your name
I will field their questions, I will feel your pain
No one can judge
They don't, they don't know
They don't know
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til it drifted Pangaea
I'm moving all my family from Chatham to Zambia
Treat the demons just like Pam
I mean I fuck with your friends, but damn, Gina
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Now they wanna hit me with the woo wap, the bam
Tryna snap photos of familia
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
You can feel the lyrics, the spirit coming in braille
Tubman of the underground, come and follow the trail
I made Sunday Candy, I'm never going to hell
I met Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
He said let's do a good ass job with Chance three
I hear you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
Let's make it so free and the bars so hard
That there ain't one gosh darn part you can't tweet
This is my part, nobody else speak
This is my part, nobody else speak
This little light of mine
Glory be to God, yeah
I'mma make sure that they go where they can't go
If they don't wanna ride I'mma still give them raincoats
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Ugh, I'm just having fun with it
You know that a nigga was lost
I laugh in my head
Cause I bet that my ex looking back like a pillar of salt
Ugh, cause they'll flip the script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
You cannot mess with the light
Look at lil Chano from 79th

We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything

I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war

Father, this prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough
This prayer's for everybody that feels like they're too messed up
For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times
You can never go too far when you can't come back home again
That's why I need
Faith, more, safe, war

I knew I was gonna see ya, I knew I was gonna see you again!
I was gonna see you again
Where your god damn book bag at?
Always carryin' that lil' book bag
Nobody want to see that
God damn fourth grader
Sit yo' ass down
Now he want to play it again like he got something else to do
You ain't got nothin' else to do
You ain't doing nothing wit yo life

Nothing with your life
What do you think this is?
You better look at me when I'm talkin' to you!
You think this is easy don't you?
You think this is promised
Oh ain't nothin promised with you
Look at my face, do I got a promise face?
Does it look like promise you anything?
Kanye!
Nigga! Is you snorin' in my class?
Wake up Mr. West! Mr. West

Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello

Hello, is there anybody up here?
(Hello) Welcome 2085!
Twenty Eighty-five it is (just me up here I guess)
(Oh, oh!) The magic of the moment snuck up on me
And caught me by surprise (Oh!)
And caught me by surprise (Oh!)
And caught me by surprise (Oh!)
Roaming and I'm lonely man I'm longing
For that something in your eyes (Oh!)
For that something in your eyes (Oh!)
For that something in your eyes (Oh!)

And I know its not just the song
(And I know its not just the song)
And I know its not just the drink
(And I know its not the drink)
But whatever it might be (Whatever it might be)
Just keep holding on to me
(Oh!) cause Ill pull down a cloud for you
Ill circle the stars and bring you one back
Ill walk through the sun for you
Cause there's something you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
There's something you do
That got me walkin' on the moon
(Uhh)And I know that its true baby
You got me walkin' on the moon

Girl don't keep me waiting, I'm impatient
Hit my runway, and lets take off and fly
Now I'm where I wanna be, come co-pilot with me
Lets burn up the sky (Oh)

And I know its not just the song
(And I know its not just the song)
And I know its not just the drink
(And I know its not the drink)
But whatever it might be (Whatever it might be)
Just keep holding on to me
(Oh!) ause Ill pull down a cloud for you
(Pull a cloud for you)
Ill circle the stars and bring you one back
Ill walk through the sun for you
'Cause there's something you do
(There's something you do)
That got me walkin' on the moon
(Uh) There's something you do
That got me walkin' on the moon (Oh!)(Uh!)
That got me walkin' on the moon (Oh!)(Uh!)
And I know that its true
Baby, you got me walkin' on the moon

Everyone out there will know that you are my girl
And my love will circle around and round
(Hey, hey dream I'm too good at this)
No matter what I do
Uhh, uhh, uhh, I cant contain it
No, no, no I cant restrain it
There's a lot of stars in here ain't it
But you shine so much they don't seem famous
Where'd you come from on this lonely night?
I swear god must of made lightning strike
And I bottled it up, we hit the red carpet and modeled it up
We hopped in the rari and Pradaed it up
Now everybody clapping, they bravoed it up
All just because its more than a buzz
More than a drink, but I took a few sips
And let it do what it does, now drunk texting
Like its all about you, like I cant spend
Another minute without you
You know the drinks let you say things
You ain't allowed to, things interfere
But you're way to proud to say out loud
'Cause niggas gonna clown you, put your black baby down
People is around you, Ill put my mag baby down
I ain't trying to hound you, just trying to take you
Where the stars gonna surround you
And umm, maybe ice down you,
And umm, maybe wipe down you
And umm, maybe we should talk about all this
After I pound you, you know I'm just playing with you,
I know a lot of people mad cause they ain't with you
Wait is it because we on the moon,
Tell em say that hey well be home soon
(Uh were walkin' on the moon)

Uh, there's something you do,
That got me walkin' on the moon
Uhh, and I know that its true,
Baby, you got me walkin' on the moon
Everyone out there will know that you are my girl.

Turn me up!

Step up in this bitch like (turn me up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave

Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby I don't, I don't need to own

Sun don't shine in the shade (turn me up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage (turn me up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn me up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave (yeah)

Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby I don't, I don't need to own you

No lie
No lie
No lie
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie

No lie
Ooh baby, ooh baby
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie

Kanye West! (Swag King Cole) DJ Khaled!

Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'

Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without, don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga,
I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some theraflu

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the theraflu

(Make it up) we can make it better
(Make it up) we can make it better
(Make it up) we can make it better
(Make it up) we can make it

Somebody told me that delta's brownskinned, akas' lightskinned
And they supposed to be bougious, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'mma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for a sight, man
She said, "i know what you about to say, like your hypeman"
She let a nigga hit it, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightnin' but

(Make it up) we can make it better
(Better we can)
(Make it up) we can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Make it up) we can make it better
(Better we can)
(Make it up) we can make it

The night fallin' over brooklyn, where they murder for change
The converter remains faithful to the drug dealer priestess
He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name
Kweli the truth, like I'm comin' out the mouth of bass
One for it, one for out the grave
Niggas want they reparations, how you calculate the amount to be paid
You try to imagine america without the slaves (the slaves)
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel 
You make me feel like a natural woman (woman)

Her tenament yo, is rat infested
Her heart is like a gold booya cause she wouldn't protest it
'Cause, her best friends man got popped
He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a glock
In the hood is a everyday happenin'
A friend of the priest say she chose out the captain
She yelled out "why you do this to black men? "

'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel 
You make me feel like a natural woman (woman)
I think of eighty seven ways, to make better days
Whether climb or rhyme, I heard of rebel pays
On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades
Music, rhymin' good like escalates
In the ghetto infested by shade and drama
And niggas wit' things ain't afraid of karma
I'm thinking big like lil wayne in the problem set

'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel 
You make me feel like a natural woman (woman)
C'mon, tell people the truth, but never give 'em ya true thoughts
Terrorism on blacks, they poison our newports
Patriot act in effect, make it hard to breathe now
Johnny cochran dead, who gonna get us free now? 
Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now? 
Who gon' make it better for the thugs and p's now? 
Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile? 
Oh, it's good music, yeah dog I see now

'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel 
You make me feel like a natural woman (woman)

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

We major (come on, homie, we major)

Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes to soon
Until you have a daughter, that's what I call karma
And you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon.
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit but he had that nine
Nigga come through flickin' and he had that shine
Put two and two together in a little bad weather
Gon' be a whole family on that funeral line
Ask the reverend was the strip club cool if my tips help send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want like wino's want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line, should it be about the hos or the ice?
Four-four's or black Christ? Both flows would be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man's plight
At the studio console asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
He said, Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, Stillmatic
Picked up the pad and pencil and jotted what I feel
Been like 12 years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent
And I'm thinking it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cause rappers be deprived of executive 9 to 5s
And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony where King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasting longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke.

Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never is orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I want to fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hypnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothing to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Too low thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card (card)
And all I got was a brand new sports car
Uh

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho

Dad cracked a joke all the kids laugh
But I couldn't hear em all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho

I seen it, I seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before

My god sister gettin' married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I want to take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave 'fore they even cut the cake
Welcome to Heartbreak

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho

Oh ho
Oh ho
Oh ho

And I can't, and I can't stop
No, no I can't stop
No, no, no, no I can't stop
No, no, no, no I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no
No, no I can't stop

Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
Oh ho
Oh oh ho

Man, you know I love you right?
You just got to be real with me
Is you cheating on me?

Nigga, there you go with that shit again
Baby, you know how I feel about you
I'm trying to make this work
My guys keeping coming to me
Telling me they seeing you and stuff
How this making me look? 
Buying you them rings
Them leathers; getting your hair done every week
Gotta let me know somethin'

Look, if you don't trust me
Why the fuck is you with me?
Coming at me on some Jay-Z shit
Who you with?
Calling my cell, leaving crazy voicemails
Figured you can get me if you called my girl, Nikki
But she was with me, and I was home at seven fifty
But that was when he got technical with it
Talkin 'bout he called my house at seven fifty-nine
I don't keep up with the time
What the fuck? 
You think I'm lyin'?
It all comes down to you trust me or you won't
The bottom line is you love me or you don't
And do you need me baby?

Yeah, you know I do
So you believe me, baby?
Yeah, for sure I do
Then he gave me a hug, jumped in the trunk, and went to work
He managed to leave without getting his feelings hurt
So I sat back, flamed up the weed, and thought up
Who the hell done run their mouth and almost got me caught up?

I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "You know I don't usually"
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
Look, you can't be tellin' people that you doin' me
You gotta keep this, here, between you and me

Look, I feel bad about the fact that you gotta creep with me
When your man be around, you don't speak to me
When my girl be around, I see you peepin' me
When they both ain't around, you be freakin' me
We used to do it secretly
Now you all talk
You tellin' everybody like you want to get caught
I think my girl catchin' on 
'Cause my story keep changin' up
You gotta stop callin' up my crib and hangin' up
Truthfully, if you tellin' people that you doin' me
Then you tellin' me that you don't even want to screw with me
And that's a shame
I can't even do my thang
You get dick, and you go temporarily insane
You think it's a game, but I don't want to play no more
You want to stay, but you can't stay no more
You want to be with K, but that ain't okay no more
You got somethin' to say, but you ain't gotta say no more

I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
She said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
She said: "You know I don't usually."
I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
I'm a tell your ass now, baby, truthfully
I ain't told nobody that you doin' me

It seem like fine hos is hard to find mostly
The type of girls that give you their whereabouts supposedly
And when you check, they ain't never where they're supposed to be
I learned my lesson; now I only fuck hos that's close to me
Don't get me wrong; you still gotta live close to me
This ain't a song I made for ugly hos to start approachin' me
You know how this go; I diss hos
I'm very mean now
My roley face green now
I bring your self esteem down

I knew since the day I met you if I would fuck you or not
So later on I asked my girl how many bitches you got
I never loved you a lot, but then this nigga got turned out
He told his boy that told his boy, and now the word's out
My man approachin' me with rumors that he heard about

But dude a lame
He probably asked you can he work it out?

I swear, y'all, betta keep the game on 'em
Yeah, y'all, now watch me change on 'em
Rule one: never tell your nigga who you fucked
And always smile back if he tell you he in love
Rule two: most men try to control you
Take my advice, 'cause it's so true what women go through
And rule three: you thinkin' he don't cheat and he committed?
He still get invitations from the last girl he been with
Bet his ho be mad; I bet she tell you that he hit it
Just check inside his pocket; find another bitches digits

I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "You know I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
I'm a tell your ass now, baby, truthfully
I swear to God, baby, it should be you and me

Yeah, you know what I'm sayin'
These girls out here be thinkin' they caught up and shit
Fuck that; spend that nigga, yo; you know what I'm sayin'
You catch yourself up; you go to him
Let that nigga come to you with no type of evidence
You ain't got shit on you
I'm a do my thing
Word up, uh
Pimp on, baby

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the lord
Til I die I'm a fuckin' ball
Now who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?

Black cards, black cars, black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for?

Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me huh?

Who gon stop me?
No brakes, I need, State Farm
So many watches I need eight arms
One neck but got eight charms

Who gon stop me huh?

Niggaas talkin', they bitch made, Ix-nay off my dicks-nay
That's pig-Latin, itch-bay
Who gon stop me huh?
Last night ain't go so well
Got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert
Yes! Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator, if you get me paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that's cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess it's on one basis
I only like green faces

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the lord
Til I die I'm a fuckin' ball

Now who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?

Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

Y'all weed purple, my money purple
Y'all Steve Urkel, I'm Oprah circle
I wrote the verse, that I hope will hurt you

Who gone stop me huh?
Beat the odds, beat the feds
It wouldn't be wise, to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift, six to six
Gimmie one shot, one pot
I'll show up in all white, wearing no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I'm a dope boy
They don't have no proof
I'm 3 steps removed, I know how to move
It's looking like, I don't know how to lose
I'm winning again, I'm at the Wynn
I'm at the table, I'm gambling,
Lucky lefty, I expect a seven,
I went through hell, I'm expecting heaven, I'm owed,
See I'm thorough and I stuck to the G-code,
I'm here, oh yeah, I promise I ain't going nowhere,
Okay here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I'm allergic to having bunny ears,
Like broke, like nope, like ha,
I ain't no joke, I can't be stopped
Like nope, like nope
Extend the beat Noah

2 seats in the 911 uh, no limit on the black card ah
Told y'all I was gonna go HAM uh, to the ocean was my backyard eh
No lies in my verses hey, please pardon all the curses hey
Shit gotta come some way, fuck, when you growing up worthless uh
Middle finger to my old life ugh, special shout out to my old head uh
If it wasn't for your advice uh, a nigga would have been so dead uh
I'm living life, 'til these niggas kill me
Turn this up, if these niggas feel me
I'm riding dirty, trying to get filthy
Pabalo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes
Graduated to the MoMA
And I did all of this, without a diploma
Graduated from the corner, y'all can play me
For a motherfuckin' fool if you wanna,
Street smart, and I'm book smart
Could have been a chemist, 'cause I cook smart
Only thing that can stop me is me, and I'm a stop when the hook start, hold up

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the lord
Til I die, I'm a fuckin' ball

Now who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?
Who gon stop me?
Who gon stop me huh?

Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that's for

Us living as we do upside down
And the new word to have is revolution
People don't even want to hear the preacher
Spill or spiel because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued

And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey
The youngsters who were programmed to continue
Fucking up woke up one night digging
Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys

America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes
The signs of truth were tattooed across her often entered vagina
We learned to our amazement untold tale of scandal
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault

Hosed down daily with a gagging perfume
America was a bastard, the illegitimate daughter of the mother country
Whose legs were then spread around the world
And a rapist known as freedom, free doom

Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded 
The bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling
In the mother country's crotch

What does Webster say about soul?
All I want is a good home and a wife
And a children and some food to feed them every night
After all is said and done build a new route to China if they'll have you

Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?

Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know

Picture if you will, that the thrones burning
Romes burning and I'm sitting in the corner all alone burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we don't determine
Same people that I fought for
That I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead
But I'm sorry but I just can't die for you
But I can make 'em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July fourth
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over,
I'll be fly when Easter's over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So the love is gone, 'til blood is drawn
So we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told after all that said
Niggas still got love for you

Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know

Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces, before you swept on it
Goddamn this shit leaves a mess don't it
Shit feelin' like death don't it
Charge it to the game, whatever's left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly pelican fly, turn the jets on it
But first I shall digress on it
Wasn't I a good king?
(Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?)
Didn't I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
(Huh, I gave you my loyalty)
Made you Royalty and royalties
(Took care of these niggas lawyer fees)
And this is how niggas rewardin' me
(Damn)

Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know
Ooh
I love you so
But why I love you
I'll never know

Bussin' at me, b-b-b-bussin' at me
But I'm bullet proof, bitch you can't get nothin' past me
Got body armor (A nigga gotta watch the throne)
And I'm bussin' back, so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turns the hate?
(Gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes)
Caesar didn't see it so he ceased to assist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brother's keeper?
(Only if that nigga don't creep up)
Got a pistol under my pillow
(I've never been a deep sleeper)
P-p-p-paranoia
(Cause the nigga that said he'll)
Blast for ya (Is now)
Blastin' for ya, that's an assassin for ya
(These niggas got a shot they'll shoot)
Please lord (Forgive him)
For these niggas (Not know)
What they, (Do) (Ooh)

Lost out, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
Got to love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now

Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessey?
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you

I was lost and beat up
Turned out, burned up
You found me, through a heartache
Didn't know me, you were drawn in
I was lost and beat up
I was warm flesh, unseasoned
You found me, in your gaze
I found me, oh Jesus
I was too wild

And I need you now, lost and, found out, yeah

You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
When she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
"What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"

Hey whats up girl

Hey girl

Hey How you doin'?

Hey you know I finally got my shit together been watchin that workout plan gurl!!

Well you lookin' all good and stuff you got you a-

Girl I know it's that workout

Got you a six pack Shakuar and stuff

Don't say it

My nigga my nigga I'm tired of putting 1-8-7 in my niggas pager that shit ain't workin' no more

Girl you know I'ma video ho-fessional now (Girl)
Since I copped this new workout plan my shit
Is right rollin' in lexus, acuras everything girl

Girl you need to let me know where I can cop that how much is it?

Girl you know you ain't gotta pay nothin' around me
I'm tha bootleg queeen I'll give it to
You for free 99

Free 99!

That's my dog you always looking out for us

My nigga now I can throw away my bus pass and shit oh my God

Oh shit

I done been around the world, been around the block
Been around hoes that fucked Biggie and 'Pac
Like Vida Guerra, ass took her to the top
She'll give you some brain, you let her throw up the Roc
Let her put on your chain, she'll throw you some cot
Picture that, like Meagan Good and Jamie Foxx
Hype said it's a wrap, she still on the set
Puttin' oil on her legs like she Gloria Velez
She was Eye Candy in the XXL
Hopped off the page and on a skateboard with Pharrell
I knew she wouldn't get far cause five hundred dollars
Can't get you that far, how you get that far
And all these new video bitches tryin to be Melyssa Ford
But they don't know Melyssa Ford drive a Honda Accord
She a video vixen, but behind closed doors
She do whatever it take to get to the Grammy Awards, ha ha

You wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, put your hands up ladies
You wouldn't get far, if you kept your legs closed
It would be just a waste of time
But you know, you wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, I wrote this song for you
For you baby, I'd find you, for you and you, for all y'all

Pop quiz, how many topless, black foxes
Did I have under my belt, like boxers
Not to brag but, if it add up
One, two, nigga that's mad nuts
Game you mad nuts, how you gon' call out all these
Bitches knowin' damn well they gon' call me
The only dream, of that ghetto prom queen
Was to make it to the screen, maybe get seen
Maybe get chose by a nigga from my team
Head so good he don't ask for a pre---nup
Now ask yourself this question, umm
Would you be with Jay-Z if he wasn't C-E-O
Would you be with F-A-B-O if he drove a Neo
Would you ride with Ne-Yo, if he was in a Geo
Well why the hell you think these bitches comin' at me fo'
But since they all fall in my Palm, I take a trio, yo

You wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, put your hands up ladies
You wouldn't get far, if you kept your legs closed
It would be just a waste of time
But you know, you wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, I wrote this song for you
For you baby, I'd find you, for you and you, for all y'all

I done had my share of bitches with long hair
Short do like Kelis or Halle in Boomerang, yeah
I been around the block in the Bentley drop top
In Miami Beach when Lil' Kim was fuckin with Scott
I got the scoop on Hoops, whatever the case
She'll let you spray in her face long as she Bathing Apes
And ain't nobody tryin' to take Beyonce from Jay
But I know a bitch named Superhead he fucked back in the day
The things niggas do when pussy sittin' on they face
Stabbed Un in the stomach
She must have had a pussy like Wonder Woman, on that superhero shit
Fly as Gabrielle Union in the back of my six, fo'
Impala, forget the double D's
I put 'em right in your face like that model bitch Toccara
And she ain't win the show but she ridin' in that Gallardo
That's why I fuck 'em today and forget 'em tomorrow

You wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, put your hands up ladies
You wouldn't get far, if you kept your legs closed
It would be just a waste of time
But you know, you wouldn't get far, fuckin' them rap stars
You know who you are, I wrote this song for you
For you baby, I'd find you, for you and you, for all y'all

God damn, you know what I'm sayin'
I'm sittin' back watchin' Kanye video
And I see the same bitch that was in the homeboy Busta Rhymes video
Then I flip the muh'fuckin channel
Checkin' out my uncle Snoop Dogg video
And I see the same bitch, that was in my video
You know what I'm sayin'
And then y'knahmsayin, to make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin Oprah cover Hurricane Katrina
I see the same bitch on Oprah, floatin away on the hood of a Camry
That was in the nigga Lil Weezy video
I mean damn, everywhere I look
Everywhere I go, I see the same hoes
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real, yeah

Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
You'll never figure out real love
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love

It's so crazy, crazy-crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason I can never find what real love is about
No doubt
Everything in the world figured out
But I can never seem to find what real love was about
Do you think I sacrifice, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
Do you think I sacrifice, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights

There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no Y.S.L. that they could sell
To get my heart, out of this hell
And my mind, out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like?
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
To live a real life

I just wanna be a real boy
They always say "Kanye, he keeps it real boy"
Pinocchio's story is, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy

It's funny
Pinocchio, lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
It's like I'm lookin for something out there, tryna find something
I turn on the TV, and see me, and see nothing
What does it feel like, to live real life, to be real
Not some facade on TV that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say, "Where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you, to say sign a autograph
For everybody that sees you cryin', say you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh!?

I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes

And there is no Gepetto, to guide me
No one, right beside me
The only one, was behind me
I can't find her no more, I can't follow no more
I can't
The only one that come out on the tour and stays
Back when I was livin' at home and this was all a big dream
And the fame will be get got
And the day I moved to L.A., maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy, chasin' the American dream
Chasin' everything we seen, up on the TV screen
And when uh, the Benz was left, and the clothes was left
And the hoes was left, you talk the hoes to death
Thinkin' the money to death
You spend the dough to death
And tell me what be left, for a real boy!
They say "Kanye, you keep it too real boy"
Perspective, and wise man say
One day, you'll find your way

The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
Wise man say

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be, spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola, then I'm coming over
'Cause it's never over

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blow
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do something to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola, and I keep coming over
'Cause its never over

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

(You make me smile with my heart)

I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to, um  (baby)
Let me, how would I put this, um (baby, baby, baby)
Let's say all your friends (baby, baby, baby)
Remember the one? (baby, baby, baby)
You said if you ever she would be the one (baby, baby, baby)
Ok, ok, ok (you make me smile with my heart)
Well, I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me, I mean just
Uh, not credibly
I feel that incredibly
I mean let's set it baby
Ah, just let it be
I mean you huntin' me(You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you her and me
Maybe, baby, baby?
Baby? Baby?
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it

(You make me smile)

Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down

Man I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecure
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore three years aint picked a career
She like fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail and well

Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down

Man I promise, I'm so self conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace!
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this!
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some ones thats clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the american dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe

Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down

I say fuck the police, that's how I treat em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
And a white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even goin' act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I wanna be on 106 and Park pushing a Benz
I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spending before I get it
We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it

Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you oh, it all falls down

What dey gives you blood? Three months man
Whatchu doin' in here anyway? You oughta be home with your momma
How old are you boy? Thirteen
Thirteen? Damn, the bastards must be runnin' outta niggaz to arrest

Yeah, oh yeah, this goes out to all the families
That went through the struggle
Yeah, from the heart
It was from the heart, everything was real

All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through

Yo, dwellin' in the past, flashbacks when I was young
Whoever thought that I'd have a baby girl and three sons
I'm goin' through this difficult stage, I find it hard to believe
Why my old Earth had so many seeds

But she's an old woman and due to me, I respect that
I saw life for what it's really worth and took a step back
Family ain't family no more, we used to play ball
Eggs after school, eat grits 'cause we was poor

Grab the pliers for the channel, fix the hanger on the TV
Rockin' each others pants to school wasn't easy
We survived winters, snotty nosed with no coats
We kept it real, but the older brother still had jokes

Sadly, daddy left me at the age of six
I didn't know nuttin' but mommy neatly packed his shit
She cried, and grandma held the family down
I guess mommy wasn't strong enough, she just went down

Check it, fifteen of us in a three bedroom apartment
Roaches everywhere, cousins and aunts was there
Four in the bed, two at the foot, two at the head
I didn't like to sleep with Jon Jon, he peed the bed

Seven o'clock, pluckin' roaches out the cereal box
Some shared the same spoon, watchin' Saturday cartoons
Sugar water was our thing, every meal was no thrill
In the summer, free lunch held us down like steel

And there was days, I had to go to Tex house with a note
Stating, "Gloria can I borrow some food I'm dead broke"
So embarrasin', I couldn't stand to knock on they door
My friends might be laughin', I spent stamps in stores

Mommy, where's the toilet paper, use the newspaper
Look Ms. Rose gave us a couch, she's the neighbor
Things was deep, my whole youth was sharper than cleats
Two brothers with muscular dystrophy, it killed me

But I remember this, mom's would lick her finger tips
To wipe the cold out my eye before school wit her spit
Case worker had her runnin' back to face to face
I caught a case, housin' tried to throw us out of our place

Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky
And ask myself was I meant to be here, why?
Yeah, yo

All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through

All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through

All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through

All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through

Word up mommy, I love you
Word up
It was all you, word, you brought me in like this

I sit and think about all the times we did without, yeah
I always said I wouldn't cry when I saw tears in your eyes
I understand that daddy's not here now
But some way or somehow, I will always be around, yeah

All things that I did from this to them
Oh, from drugs to being there
Being down and out and I love you always

Yeah, you say you see the universe
Which consists of the sun, moon and star
And them planets, that exist in my space
Like man woman and child, you understand?

We got to keep it real, and what reality
And reality will keep it real with us
I remember them good ol' days
Because see, that's the child I was

What made me the man I am today
See 'cause if you forget where you come from, heheh
You're never gonna make it where you're goin', aheh
Because you lost the reality of yourself

So, take one stroll through your mind
And see what you will find
And you'll see a whole universe all over again
And again and again and again and again
Heheheh, yeah, heheheheh, aha, heheheh

Yeah, you know we good
You talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day

(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

That's that don't play, whoo, that's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whoo
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house
Your house got another house
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'ma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine thats what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We bout to tear this whole place up pretty much
(How much I live)

And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me

(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

Ho we done made it through hell and disaster
My crib done got bigger, my women got badder
You wonderin' how do you get in the game
I'm wonderin' how do I get to the rafters
Oh boy, I'm mad until these records gettin' shattered
Til I'm MJ or Magic, oh she just want the status, so
You the man she got, but I'm the man she been after
She done sent so many naked pics my phone ain't got no data
I walk off in New York like my name Derek Jeter
Headed home to the D where you know I keep a Gina
I'm the good with the evil
Fuck you nice to meet you
You can have a peace sign man without the middle finger
With the clique when you see us, that's my family to me
That's my family tree
They're my arms, legs, hands, and my feet
And I can't cut them off even with diabetes
Hit the beat and kerosene it
Scratch that, I white sheet it
A 100 dollar fade every single time you see us
Been a king all my life so I shoulda got a Caesar
Somewhere off in Vegas rollin' dice up at the Caesar's
Got me thinkin' back bout how I used to roll to Little Caesar's
Piece of pizza with Tanisha
Now I'm with a Boniqua
She finna blow at that
I got your dream girl, yeah she actin' like a ho at that
Throw her to me I'ma throw that back
Top spot I'm finna go at that
(Straight up)

(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

Ho you gotta move quick
(World in my hands, I ain't gotta loose grip
I don't like loose pussy or loose lips)
And I done did the impossible a few times, Tom Cruise shit
Ho and I ain't satisfied bein' on that top 5 list
(I ain't satisfied until I'm on that all-time list)
Til everything I spit is all timeless
(My girl on that all fine list)
My life a little luck, a lot of grind
Bitch no maybe ho I gotta make it
(Fuck your nomination man fuck the world)
I'm repopulatin', wrap my rollie round my waist yeah time's a waistin'
(Niggas want the comma, comma combination)
Long as I'm around it's gon' be dot dot dot a lot of waitin'
Got my pinky on her brain while I'm gettin' brain plottin' world domination
(People ask me how I done make it)
I'm just like "man if you want the crown, bitch you gotta take it"
Straight up

All of the lights (all of the lights)
(Lights, lights) all of the lights

Turn up the lights in here baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

Fast cars, shooting stars
(All of the lights, all of the lights)
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are
(All of the lights)

If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life

Something wrong
I hold my head
M.J. gone, our nigga dead!
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, headed up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take 'em to that ghetto university (all of the lights)

Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
(All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night (all of the lights)

Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

Restraining order
Can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, Grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation
We met at Borders
Told her she take me back
I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes
I bump my head
Courts suck me dry
I spent that bread
She need a daddy
Baby please,
Can't let her grow up in that ghetto university (all of the lights)

Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
(All of the lights, all of the lights)
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night (all of the lights)

Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

Getting mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Get it right, eh
You should go and get your own

Getting mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Get it right, eh
You should go and get your own

Unemployment line, credit card declined
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind? (my mind, my mind, my mind)
And also was about to do that line (line, line, line)
Okay, okay, you know we going all the way this time (time)
We going all the way this time (time)
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time

Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

Whoa, whoa, oh
I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh

Whoa, whoa, oh
I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh

Whoa, whoa, oh
I tried to tell you but all I could say is oh

Whoa, whoa, oh
I tried to tell you but all I could say

Feel it comin' in the air (Yeah)
And the screams from everywhere (Yeah)
I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready)
It's a dangerous love affair (What's up, c'mon)
Can't be scared when it goes down 
Got a problem, tell me now (What's up)
Only thing that's on my mind (Whats up)
Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up)
Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up)
We gonna run this town

We are, yeah I said it, we are, 
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get ya'll black tees on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds, ridin' with they Dillingers
I'd get more in depth, if you boys really real enough
This is la familia, I'll explain later
But for now let me get back to this paper, I'm a couple bands down 
And I'm tryin' to get back
I gave the other grip, I lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah I'm talkin' five comma's, six zeros, dot zeroes here it go, 
Back to runnin' circles 'round niggas, now we squared up, hold up

Life's a game but it's not fair 
I break the rules so I don't care 
So I keep doin' my own thing
Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up)
Victory's within the mile, 
Almost there, don't give up now (What's up)
Only thing that's on my mind 
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy, (What's up)
Is whos gon' run this town tonight?

We are, yeah I said it we are, 
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Czar
Please follow the leader, So Eric B. we are
Microphone fiend, it's the return of the God, peace God 
(Ah! Ah!) And ain't nobody fresher, I'm in Mason 
Martin Margiela, 
On the tape we're screamin' fuck the other side, they jealous
We got a banquet for the broads, they got a table for of fellas 
And they ain't spending no cake
They should throw they hand in, 
'Cause they ain't got no spades 
My whole team got dough
So my banquette is looking like millionaires' row 

Life's a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don't care (What's up)
So I keep doin' my own thing
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile (What's up)
Almost there, don't give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who gon' run this town tonight (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy, 
Is who's gon' run this town tonight?

It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick, no homo
I bought my whole family whips, no Volvo's
Next time I'm in church, please no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This a fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fucking Rav-4?
But I know that if I stay stun-ting
All these girls only gonna want one thing
I could spend my whole life good will hunting
Only good gon' come is as good when I'm coming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a g-string
And up top, uh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting, off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that you do bring
I'm just trying to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to drop some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
What's that 'Ye? Baby, these heels
Is that a may? What?
Baby, these wheels
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel, (What's up)

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey hey, (What's up)
Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey,  
Hey hey, hey, hey,
Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey,  
We gonna run this town tonight! 

What's up!

It's amazing
I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening

I'm exhausted
Barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in

No matter what
You'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see

It's amazin', so amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' (Let's go)

I'm a monster
I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong, yeah

I'm a problem
That'll never
Ever be solved

And no matter what
You'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see

It's amazin', so amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' (Let's go)

I'm a monster
I'm a maven
I know this world is changin'

Never gave in
Never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

No matter what
You'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see

It's amazin', so amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin' (Let's go)

So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'
So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'

I'm amazin'
Yeah I'm all that
If i ain't on my grind
Then what you call that?

Victorious
Yeah we warriors
We make history
Strive for victory
Standing at my podium
I'm trying watch my sodium
Die high blood pressure
You even let the feds get cha!
I'm amazin'
Born on the full moon
I was bred to get in
No spoon
That's why I'm so goose
Summer time, no juice
Big family, small house no rooms
They like oh god!
why you go so hard?
Look what he's been through
He deserves an applause

So amazin', so amazin', so amazin', it's amazin'

Just another one champion sound
Me and Estelle about to get down
Who the hottest in the world right now
Just touched down in London town
Bet they give me a pound
Tell them put the money in my hand right now
Tell the promoter we need more seats
We just sold out all the floor seats

Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to New York, I'd love to see LA
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American boy

He said 'Hey Sister'
It's really really nice to meet ya
I just met this five foot seven guy who's just my type
I like the way he's speaking his confidence is peaking
Don't like his baggy jeans but I'ma like what's underneath it
And no I ain't been to MIA
I heard that Cali never rains and New York heart awaits
First let's see the west end
I'll show you to my brethren
I'm like this American boy, American boy

Can we get away this weekend
Take me to Broadway
Let's go shopping baby maybe then we'll go to a cafe
Let's go on the subway
Take me to your hood
I neva been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good
Dress in all your fancy clothes
Sneaker's looking 'fresh to def' I'm lovin' those shell toes
Walkin' that walk
Talk that slick talk
I'm likin' this American Boy, American boy

Let them know agwan blud

Who killin' 'em in the U-K
Everybody gonna to say you K
Reluctantly, because most of this press don't fuck wit me
Estelle once said to me, cool down down don't act a fool now now
I always act a fool ow ow
Ain't nothing new now now
He crazy, I know what ya thinkin'
Ribena I know what your drinkin'
Rap singer, chain blinger
Holla at the next chick soon as you're blinkin'
What's you're persona, about this American Brama
Am I shallow cause all my clothes designer
Dressed smart like a London Bloke
Before he speak his suit bespoke
And you thought he was cute before
Look at this pea coat, tell me he's broke
And I know you ain't into all that
I heard your lyrics I feel your spirit
But I still talk that ca-a-a-sh
Cause a lot wags want to hear it
And I'm feelin' like Mike at his baddest
The Pips at they Gladys and I know they love it
So to hell with all that rubbish

Would you be my love, my love
Could be mine would you be my love my love, could be mine
Could you be my love, my love
Would you be my American boy, American boy

Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day
Take me to Chicago, San Fransico Bay
I really want to come kick it with you
You'll be my American Boy
You'll be my American Boy
American Boy

Anyone but him
I'd rather hear you had the whole football team
Than have to watch his filthy lips on your skin
Anyone but him
Anyone but him

With schoolboy fists, we can take this outside
But knowing my luck that fuck could win
Anyone but him

Who's gonna take you home, who's gonna take you home
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me, if it
Anyone but him

My blood boils as my eyes turn green
Is this the best of the best of the scene
Anyone but him
Anyone but him

With schoolboy fists we can take this outside
But knowing my luck that fuck could win
Anyone but him

Who's gonna take you home, who's gonna take you home
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me, if it
Anyone but him

Look past the leather and the dash and the rims
And you'll see his whole hustle wears thin
Anyone but him
Anyone but him

He's gonna take what you can't take back
Then's he's gone out the door on a whim
Anyone but him

Who's gonna take you home, who's gonna take you home
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me, if it

Now when she go black, she ain't never coming back
I'm sorry Mr. H, I thought you already knew that
You'll see her on a black street like Chauncey
I'm a bad boy like Sean C.
Roc-A-Fella like S C.
Keep them Apes with me like Don C
Like Jay, keep Beyonce
I'm just talking nonsey, so nonchalantly
See my Mark like Ronsy
Pop my collars like Fonzy
Paparazzi is on me
I see your girl want me, I'm filling up her glass
Feeling on her ass, feeling so upper class
And your boy, so fresh
I might even flash cash

So at the end of the night, you ain't even gotta ask
Who's gonna take you home, who's gonna take you home
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me, if it isn't me
If it isn't me

Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me

Who's gonna take you home, who's gonna take you home
Who's gonna take you home, if it isn't me
If it isn't me, if it isn't me

Some may say there ain't no way
Your dream's gonna see the light of day
Don't believe that you can't
Achieve whatever your after

Can't be swayed by the simple minds
That wanna hold you down
And in His time the pain you carry
Will be left far behind

If you listen to this earth
And you ask the Lord for guidance
And you'll see the many blessings
Have you been in on the glory
Have you came to just adore the
You read all of His stories

Don't let no one stand in your life
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what you're worth
Stand up you're a child of a king
And you can do anything

You try to please everyone to
Time to live your life, release those old delusions
Stop wasting time and start embracing
His light and let it shine

Count your blessings when they say
Oh it ain't no way but what matters
Never stop believing in yourself
But in the Lord God and you'll see
All the answers that free you from change
That would seem to keep you standing still

Don't let no one stand in your life
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what you're worth
Stand up, you're a child of a king
And you can do anything

I'm living, we're living
Been giving, God's been giving position
More than all the tears inside you
You can leave them all behind you
When you have the Love

Don't let no one stand in your life
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what you're worth
Stand up, you're a child of a king
And I can do anything

Don't let no one stand in your life
Change the way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what you're worth
Stand up, you're a child of a king
And you can do anything

Oh yes I can, yes I can
I can do all things through Christ
Nobody on this earth
Can tell you what you're worth
You're a child of the king
Never stop believing in yourself

Way you feel inside
Nobody on this earth
Stand up, stand up
And you can do anything

As long as you love me (love me, love me)
As long as you love me (love me, love me)
As long as you love me 

We're under pressure,
Seven billion people in the world trying to fit in
Keep it together,
Smile on your face even though your heart is frowning
But hey now, you know girl,
We both know it's a cruel world
But I will take my chances

As long as you love me
We could be starving, we could be homeless, we could be broke
As long as you love me
I'll be your platinum, I'll be your silver, I'll be your gold
As long as you love, love me, love me
As long as you love, love me, love me

I'll be your soldier, fighting every second of the day for your dreams girl
I'll be your Hova, you can be my Destiny's Child on a scene girl
So don't stress, don't cry, we don't need no wings to fly
Just take my hand

As you love me we could be starving, we could be homeless, we could be broke
As long as you love me
I'll be your platinum, I'll be your silver, I'll be your gold
As long as you love, love me, love me
As long as you love, love me, 

I don't know if this makes sense, but you're my hallelujah
Give me a time and place, and I'll rendezvous, and I'll fly you to it,
I'll beat ya there
Girl you know I got you
Us, trust
A couple of things I can't spell without you
Now we are on top of the world, 'cause that's just how we do
Used to tell me sky's the limit, now the sky's our point of view
Man now we stepping out like whoa (oh God)
Camera's point and shoot,
Ask me what's my best side, I stand back and point at you, you 
You the one that I argue with, I feel like I need a new girl to be bothered,
But the grass ain't always greener on the other side,
It's green where you water it
So I know we got issues baby true true true
But I'd rather work on this with you
Than to go ahead and start with someone new
As long as you love me

As you love me we could be starving, we could be homeless, we could be broke
As long as you love me
I'll be your platinum, I'll be your silver, I'll be your gold
As long as you love, love me, 
As long as you love, love me 

As long as you love me
I'll be your silver, I'll be your gold
Love me,
As long as you love, love me, 
Please don't go (love me, love me)
Please don't go (love me, love me)
As long as you love, (love me, love me)
As long as you love, (love me, love me)
As long as you love me

In your high honor
All over my skin that's art splattered
And everything happened this part mattered
I tattooed your name on my tongue
Then my heart shattered
But for effort I get an A, girl
So tonight be the VIP guests of JYJ, Malik Yusef and Kanye West

Living life like there's no damn rules
Tonight I'm finna hop up in that hotel pool
Grab your hand, white dress, you gon' hop in too
Get everything that bein' at the top includes
What's your friend's attitude, why she so damn rude? huh?
Tell her smile for a change
If a baller come around, she gone smile for the change
I know they type, I know the life
I know you're living your life for the night, another night
Ask the city what they got for us
That mean it wasn't even poppin' if it not for us
Then isn't isn't this all that I said it'd be
I want the best for you, but want better for me, ugh
I paid the price of fame, icy chain
Stack my money tall, height advantage

Let's do it, flashing light
Have the time of your life
Living it up for tonight
Yeah she living it up for tonight
Ayy girl, I tried to make you my baby
Ayy girl, instead you make me go crazy
Just run through me
What have you done to me
Ayy girl, I tried to make you my baby
Ayy girl, instead you make me go crazy
I'm losing my cool
Playing me for a fool
Ayy, ayy, ayy girl

I know your type, I know the life
I know you living your life for the night, another night
I know your type, I know the life
I know you living your life for the night, another night

We're so high, we touch the sky
You broke my heart, tore me apart
I never lost like this, now its you who'll miss
Like I did give, cause for the night you told me
I'm not the type, flashing lights
Have the time of your life
Livin' it up for tonight
Yeah she livin' it up for tonight

You came and shut it down
Suddenly you run this town
Wanted to be with you
All I needed was me and you

Now everything is changed
You act differently
You do me wrong
I knew all along

So cold in the rain
Gave my heart in vain (I'm still in love with you I can't get over you)

You got me goin' insane
Get out of my brain (I'm still in love with you I can't get over you)

[Ghostface Killah]
Damn, damn, ma, we ain't even have to go through it like that
It wasn't even, even that big, man
You know, nah, it's ight though
But anyway, yo, let me get that coat
Let me get those jeans, and let me get that rock on your finger
Oh, it's stuck? Then I'll take the whole finger than, man
Let me get those bags from Paris, and the puppies is staying, yo!

[Chorus: Ne-Yo]
Come through the block, in the brand new Benz
Knowing that billionaires do they friends
(OK girl) Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get your man back like that
Bouncin' around, when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that billionaires do got beef
(OK girl) Yo, what I did was wack
But you don't get your man back like that, no

[Ghostface Killah]
Hey yo, I should just bark on you, burn your car on you
Cause I'm too much man, to leave a mark on you
You'se a bird you know that, giving that man
Ten points, like he about to blow that
He probably did, you swallow his kids?
In and out of jail, he a snail, he wasn't wilding on bids
In the summertime, I broke his jaw, had to do it, to him
Quick, old fashion, in the back of the mall
Me and him had 'mos forever, like I'm supposed to put him on
When he came home and told on Trevor
Had to bang on homey, ear blocks, out in spots
Throwing them shots, like 'sucker, you know me'
Stop fronting for them people out, side like you really ride
And you a silly chick, thought you was really live
But I guess I was wrong, I'ma holla at dog
And rip his head off, words of a song

[Chorus]

[Ghostface Killah]
Hey yo, I thought we was iller than that, all them kisses
And love yous, when jake came, you hid my packs
It was time a brother went to war, vests banged up
Staining in the kitchen, yo, holding a four
Sweatin' and breathing, bounced out of town for a weekend
Heard you had homey in the passenger seating
Honey, look, I'm a monster don, I do monster things
That's why I put your ass under my arm
Messing with him can bring bodily harm
And where you gonna hide in the streets when the body is gone
If it's one thing I learned that, never trust a female
On no scale, you just confirmed that
Bounce to your momma house, pack your shit
I don't care if you crying, you'se a ruthless chick
Gots to watch you, these eyeballs in my face'll spot you
My girl cousins, they gon' rock you

[Chorus]

[Ne-Yo]
Shorty what is you thinking bout
Didn't I put you down
Flyest whips, rollin' round like yea
That's the bosses chick, on the side
I might of had, one or two
Them silly broads wasn't nothing on you
Rolling with him, tryin' to get revenge
That's what you just don't do

[Chorus]

[Ghostface Killah]
I'm a good dude, you see, yeah,
Females out there that wanna be
Acting like they getting they little revenge off
Taking it further than what it really is
You know what I mean, playing yourself,
No what i mean, this is Don status, girl
You will have to hold that now

Uh, uh

Let's take it back to basics
When shit gets worse, we converse
How we need a new balance
Before the lines get crossed like Asics
Just look at what we got, if we don't shoot the Reeboks
This is a beat that no flow can detox
So the respect is due like my Louie back
I don't wanna have to check you
I'm Chi as buck-fifty's and Pelle Pelle Leathers
Some say my beats made the Bulls play better
I say, black on black is the hate that hate made
Sara Lee with the dough, I'm talkin' bout the cake maid
McDonald's with the flow, served over over a billion
You've seen the video, words over the building
Uh, I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
And when the Workout Plan ain't work out, man
Me and Common is back on the corners again
On the corner

Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh
I open my eyes, the corner is like African tribes
The black is subsidized, the black enterprise, the passion arise
The youth fantasize, who got some cash in they eyes
If youth dies, mamas askin' rationalize
Tryna build a spot where ghetto bastards could rise
The ghetto has been bastardized by those that capitalize
Wonder if it's a plan that the master devised
To bring his people to a land where the blacks are despised?
On the corner

Didn't you know
I was waiting on you
Waiting on a dream
That'll never come true
Didn't you know
I was waiting on you
My face turned to stone
When I heard the news

When you decide to break the rules
'Cause I just heard some real bad news

People will talk
Like its old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you
How long have you known too
You played it off and act like he's brand new

When you decide to break the rules
'Cause I just heard some real bad news

Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news

Oh you just gonna
Keep another no you wont

Oh you just gonna
Keep it like you never knew

Oh you just gonna
Keep another love for you

Oh you just gonna
Keep it like you never knew

While I'm waiting on a dream
That'll never come true

Oh you just gonna
Keep it like you never knew

My face turned to stone
When I heard the news

Whats on the news
Channel cruise

It's what you all been waiting for ain't it?
What people pay paper for damn it, they can't stand it
They want something new, so let's get reacquainted
Became the hood favorite, I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

We outta here baby!

"Dude!" Fresh off the plane, "konichiwa," bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it I did it, that asshole done did it
Talked it then he lived it, spit it then he shit it
I don't need writers, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year
They say "he going crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no Lo-head
Cause my Dior got me more model head
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard until your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top 5 MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top 5 MCs: you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big you can't sit behind me

Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

Yeah, yeah, we outta here baby!
Wha, wha, we outta here baby!
Hey Mr. West we so outta here baby

And me, I'm Mr. Weezy Baby
I'm so bright not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fucking good like I'm sleeping with Megan
I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant "have them," I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hay-vic, oops I meant "havoc"
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still cole like Keyshia's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties
And I ate it cause I'm so avid
I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried, suck my bat bitch

We outta here baby!

Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Ha Ha Hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds

Don't sit there like some silly girl
If you wait too long it'll be too late
I'm not telling you something new
There ain't no time to lose
It's time for you to celebrate

So get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Get up, little girl)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (It's time, your world)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Your life, your choice)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (It's time, live it up)

On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes

You don't have the luxury of time
You have got to say what's on your mind
Your head lost in the stars
You'll never go far
It's time for you to read the signs

So get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Here comes, my hand)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Take it, you can)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (The time, is now)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (I'll show, you how)

On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes
On and on, on the beat goes

Say what you like
Do what you feel
You know exactly who you are
The time is right now
You got to decide
Stand in the back or be the star

Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Here comes, my hand)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (Take it, you can)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (The time, is now)
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat (I'll show, you how)

I can't keep waiting for you
Anticipating that you've
No time to lose
I can't keep waiting for you

Here's a impromptu I want you
I'm going to tell you what I want to do to you
Your girlfriend she wants to
Beautiful
Just flew in from Paris
Voulez vouz?
And the city that don't snooze
Smooze amongst the whose who's
And I use my celeb to get this one home
Why everything that feel so good gotta be so wrong?
Gimme room now
I'm like a vampire on the full moon now
And I don't know about you now
But I think I wanna try something new now
See what it do now
And when you sat down
Uh, cause you was losing your breath now
Uh, cause you be doing it to death now
She be doing E to F now
What's left now?
Mr. West now
Can you get any more fresh now?
I think I just did, just now
Talking my shit, that's how
I'm a professional, I admit that
Flashing lights show I live that
Fame is a drug, wanna hit that?
'Cause I know exactly where to get that
Did you get that?

Get down, beep beep, gotta get up off a your seat
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up off a your seat now

On and on
The beat goes
On and on

'Cause they know exactly where to get that
Did you get that?

Let's go, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat
Get down, beep beep, gotta get up outta your seat

On and on
The beat goes
On and on
The beat goes
On and on
On and on
On and on

Ooo, want to but I can't help it
I love the way it feels
This got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real
I need it when I want it
I want it when I don't
Tell myself I'll stop everyday
Knowing that I won't
I got a problem, and I (don't know what to do about it)
Even if I did, I don't know if I would quit
But I doubt it; I'm
Taken by the thought of it

And I know this much is true
Baby, you have become my addiction
I'm so strung out on you
I can barely move, but I like it

So, then it's all because of you (all because of you)
So, then it's all because of you (all because of you)
And it's all because of you (all because of you)
So, then it's all because
Never get enough
She's the sweetest drug

Think of it every second
I can't get nothing done
Only concern is the next time I'm gon' get me some
Know I should stay away from
'Cause it's no good for me
I try and try, but my obsession won't let me leave

I got a problem, and I (don't know what to do about it)
Ooo, even if I did, I don't know if I would quit
But I doubt it, I'm
Taken by the thought of it

And I know this much is true
Baby, you have become my addiction
I'm so strung out on you (strung out on you)
I can barely move, ooo, but I like it (but I like it)

So, then it's all because of you (all because of you)
So, then it's all because of you (all because of you)
And it's all because of you (all because of you)
So, then it's all because
Never get enough (never get enough)
She's the sweetest drug

Ain't no doubt (no doubt, hey)
So strung out (strung out, hey)
Ain't no doubt
So strung out (hey)
(Over you)
Over you (you)
Over you (you)

(Because of you
And it's all because of you
Mmm, never get enough
She's the sweetest drug)

Is y'all ready for Twenty-0-7, it's now another drought
Everyone's a killer, wow we bugging out
Since 86 showing the crowd what I'm about
And they still want to know when the album coming out
Ask the teenagers, OG's and Ask the kids
What they definition of Classic is
Timeless, cause age don't count in the booth
And your flow stays submerged in the fountain of youth
And no doubt the truth I'm off the meters
Everybody co-signing even non-believers
I came in the door, became one of y'alls leaders
In the fresh pair of Air Force One sneakers
Uptown we call 'em uppies when they on divas
Probably worn when KRS One teaches
Nas, made you look, before the haters
I bet you Kan had 'em on when he walked with Jesus
This is classic

Classic, better than I've ever been
Talent,
If it's classic it's gonna last forever than 
I'm everywhere you never been and better than I ever been
Classic
Better than I've ever been

Can't buy this, super flyness, like a shyness, your highness
It's performing, look how long the line is
That's what happens when you make shit that's timeless
That's what happens these rappers is the pioneers
What do it take to be a legend like Nas is?
That's so novice, I'm so polished, I got a right to be a little bit snobbish
I did a little bit of college, semesters it took 2 like Rob Base
To let me figure out this wasn't my place, the beat slowed til you listened to my pace
Cause I be killing shit, but that's evident, and y'all feeling it, but I expected it
If it's classic it's gonna last forever than 
I'm everywhere you never been and better than I ever been

Perseverance, see the fake hustler rapper to them it hurts to hear this
Oh you went platinum, yeah that's nice, now let me see you do the same thing twice
New times, 4 times, then been a couple of more times, please your amateur night is show time
It's one life to live so live it the best you can, the world could use one less man
Not enough air, not enough car factories to manufacture new vehicles sedans and vans
When they do make the whip you like ya chips ain't right, 
By the time you could afford it the car ain't important
In the streets silent, it's just I and, cops keep firing in my environment
Leaving your slum when they drive home far from the hood brothers they eager to jump on
I like to be the wall that they post up on, I like to see them fall, guilty for doing wrong
I'm classic like the Air Ones, the Hustler shoe, that's what I'm accustomed to

How many y'all got criminal minded you you you y'all don't be blinded
Me I got no jewels on my neck, why, I don't need 'em I got your respect
KRS 1 20 years I rock I do it for JMJ and Scott LaRock, this hip hop
And we's a nation, don?t you want to hear more KRS on your radio station?
Instead of broadcasting how we smoking trees, on the radio we need to hear more local MC's
Where you at? Come on where you at? This is the difference between MC'ing and rap
Rappers spit rhymes that are mostly illegal, MC's spit rhymes to uplift they people
Peace, love, unity, and having fun, these are the lyrics of KRS One

She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene
I said don't mind, but what do you mean, I am the one
Who will dance on the floor in the round
She said I am the one, who will dance on the floor in the round
 
She told me her name was Billie Jean, as she caused a scene
Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one
Who will dance on the floor in the round
 
People always told me be careful of what you do
And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts
And mother always told me be careful of who you love
And be careful of what you do 'cause the lie becomes the truth
 
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
 
For forty days and forty nights
The law was on her side
But who can stand when she's in demand
Her schemes and plans
'Cause we danced on the floor in the round
So take my strong advice, just remember to always think twice
(Don't think twice, don't think twice)
 
She told my baby we'd danced till three, then she looked at me
Then showed a photo my baby cried his eyes were like mine (oh, no!)
'Cause we danced on the floor in the round, baby
 
People always told me be careful of what you do
And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts
She came and stood right by me
Just the smell of sweet perfume
This happened much too soon
She called me to her room
 
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
 
Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
 
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son

Billie Jean is not my lover
She's just a girl who claims that I am the one
But the kid is not my son
She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son
 
She says I am the one, 
(you know what you did, (she says he is my son)breaking my heart babe)
She says I am the one
 
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover (don't Billie Jean)
Billie Jean is not my lover
Billie Jean is not my lover

Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time

See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And she claim she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of those bad nights, ya'll have a bad fight
And you talking 'bout her family, her aunts and shit
And she say "Motherfucker, yo momma's a bitch!"
You know, domestic drama and shit, all that attitude
I'll never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit outta you!
But I'mma be the bigger man, Big Pimpin' like Jiggaman
Oh I guess I figure it's

Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet

See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And my nigga said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking and
This relationship it even got me back to drinking all this
Hennessy
It's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having our child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
'Cause every time I would try, you would question me
Saying "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me?
You don't see how ya lies is affecting me
You don't see how our life was supposed to be
And I never let a nigga get that close to me
And you ain't cracked up to what you was supposed to be
You always gone, you'll always be where them hoes'll be"
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time

See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency

See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency

Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time

Who's fault

Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure
I'll call you bitch for sure
As a last resort, and my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end of it you know we both were wrong

But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (else, else, else)
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing harvesting the feelings, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about 2 A.M. and I call back and I hang up and start to blame myself
Somebody help

Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure
I'll call you bitch for sure

You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you
In a bathroom gripping you up and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
Cause I definitely be having mine

And you ain't finna see a, mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other, nigga's is stroking you
Might say I hit you
He sitting there consoling you
Rubbing my name threw the mud
Who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable like can't nobody get control you
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brothers phone like what was I supposed to do
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever you gon' told him too
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Chuck dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said Yeezy I ain't you're right girl
You probably find one of them "I like art" type girls
All of the lights, she was caught in the hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
And who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Lets play the blame game

I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure

Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gon' for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely

Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
No, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much

And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing

I heard the whole thing
Whole thing, whole thing, whole thing

Oh my God
Baby you done took this shit to the nother motherfuckin' level!
Now a neighborhood nigga
Like me ain't supposed to be gettin' no pussy like this
Goddamn, Goddamn! Who thought you how to get sexy for a nigga?
(Yeezy taught me)
You never use to talk dirty, but now you you goddamn disgusting
My, my God, where'd you learn that?
(Yeezy taught me)
Look at you, motheruckin' butt ass naked, with them, Jimmy Choos on
Who thought you how to put some Jimmy Choos on?
(Yeezy thought me)
Yo you took your pussy game up a whole 'nother level
This is some Cirque du Soleil pussy now shit!
You done went all porno on a nigga OK
And I, and I love it
And I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
How did you learn, how, how did your pussy game come up?
(Yeezy thought me)
I was fuckin' parts of your pussy I never fucked before
I was in there like ooh shit I never been here before
I've never even seen this part of pussy town before
It's like you got this shit re-upholstered or some shit
Who the fuck happened?
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
(Yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy
And when I see that nigga I'ma thank him
I'ma buy his album
I'ma download that motherfucker I'ma shoot a bootlegger!
That's how good I feel about this nigga
Ahh, I still can't believe you got me this watch
This motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted!
You went to bezel! This is the motherfucker I wanted
I saw this, I saw it
Twista had this shit on in The Source
I remember! Twista had this on in The Source
That's right, that's right!
Yo yo babe, yo yo this is the best birthday ever!
Where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yeezy taught you well, Yeezy taught you well

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

Feels like I'm bl'

How could it me, little me
Had the power to be the best B, in the league
Yeah inevitably, but could it be little me
You was heckling me, now it's monotony when I regularly
I catch wreck on recreation, so I exceed all your expectations
Because I got it in 'em, I kill 'em and then I skin 'em
The contract is on but I am the addendum
So wh-where my dogs at, Randy
Ma-ma-matter fact, get off my dick bitch, Andy
Ca-ca-ca-cause everything is fine and dandy
Go against me now, I dare you, Bambi
Half a million dollars just to upgrade the car show
I ain't even detonate the bombs and the arsenal
Before the storm comes the calm
Hope you can take the heat like LeBron,
Ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm the best now,
Anybody with some money should invest now
Soccer mom needs to organize a pep rall'
You game over bitch, Gatorade, wet towel
Motherfuckers ain't ready, they never been
As long as I am in the game, you'll never win
I'm on that different type of high, heroin
Put on my cape and hit the sky, heroine!

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

Ugh, yea, ugh this is the moment grab your Kodak
While I'm flying with a flow that
Is the greatest throwback
Since that Nolan Ryan and the days
Been crazy and the nights even wilder
And the lights even brighter,
Baby stand next to my fire
Only higher is Messiah
Or notes from Mariah
'Rari six hundred horses,
That's my chariot of fire?
Where we flying,
They can't find us all them broke days behind us
I just took your whole life and redesigned it ugh
I think I'm Marc Jacobs, I think I'm Lagerfeld
I think without makeup, you still bad as hell
I'm a grab your waist then,
I'm a grab your face and
Then I'm a taste it,
Then I'm a blaze it
Hello all my bad girls,
This just in
Yeezy hurt the beat
Like he fucked her best friend
And she let him back in
And he just did it again,
He crazy, he blazin', he off the deep end
I'm blazin' I'm flagrant, I'm crazy I'm saying
Too much for the world so they a-bbreviate him
His tatts is her fav', his stats is amaze
Her dress is just per' uh
Prada colored babes
It obvi' we the ish
And I'm rolling with my bricks
So real you so trill baby everything legit
How you feel, they say we crazed
Cause our styles so diff'
They be jail when we in the mag looking magnif'
As if I ain't used Magnums on your favorite bad bitch
Fuck these background niggas I was tryna adlib
Add this, we blazin'
Nicki what you think,
I got two White Russians but we also need some drinks

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin'

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing
I fly, I fly high, I'm blazing,
I'm blazing, feels like I'm blazing

Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown, bound

Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

What you doing in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking 'round, always mad reputation
Leave a pretty girl sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complaining
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what we do, don't tell your mom shit
This that red cup, all on the lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

I know you're tired of loving, of loving
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)

Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches, bound

Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you something to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admitting is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it, Thanksgiving
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on the wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

I know you're tired of loving, of loving
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
So just grab somebody, no leaving this party
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)

Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth

Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

[Intro]
(Brand New) x5

[Hook: Kanye West] x2
I don't like it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick

[Verse: Kanye West]
They say your attitude determines your latitude
I'm high as a motherfucker - fly as a motherfucker
And still the motherfucker you love to hate
But can't - because you love what I make
Now ain't - that about a bitch
And I'ma talk shit until I'm out of hits
They don't want to turn they speakers up they claim I ain't deep enough
All that talkin' I feed off of - keep it up
I'm relaxin' my feet is up - I'm leavin' you haters
Like when Shaq left the Lakers just to "Heat" it up
I state the stats to stunt - I don't need to front
I make history e'ry day - I don't need a month
The survey says - by the streets according
Kanye's just important as Michael Jordan
Was to the NBA when he was scorin'
Ralph Lauren was borin' before I wore him and..

[Hook: Kanye West]
I don't like it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick

[Hook: Rhymefest]
Yo wait - I don't want it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick

[Verse: Rhymefest]
Now some women hit the mall and some shop at the thrift store
Some of 'em mix and match and make it look like they get more
Some of y'all know you wear a sixteen - squeezin' into a six
Damn - what you make them jeans rip for?
I guess she's lookin' for a brand new man who
Ain't always gotta sit down cause he can't stand you
Boo - this the brand new jam to dance to
While you givin' me "Head" like shampoo - come as you came
Skip the brand name - I won't brand you
What you do here'll stay here like Cancun
Besides your breasts is augmented - I like things authentic
Look at all my whips, they're all vintage
I got a loft with a view of the sea
See I take some more shit and make it new for me
Pimp it out like Xzibit to the (oomph) degree
Why spend and arm and a leg - we can kick it for free you see..

[Hook: Rhymefest] x2
I don't like it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick nigga

[Verse: Rhymefest]
??? bustin' and then hit 'em - fuck the cynicism
I'm quick to give y'all niggaz constructive criticism
Like "Wait - you basically suck" - his mother said "My son wanna rhyme!"
I'm like "Ma'am - I don't agree with that decision
Nothin' against him - but if he step I got to diss him
I listen to that weak shit - all of it - I can't follow it
[Barf) Excuse me - I'm "whack"tose intolerant
"I worked too hard to get my baby ballin' kid!"
Down the fives - had me blue collar poppin' it
Now I'm in the club - and look who I get it poppin' with
Me and 'Ye go back like crew cuts
He hook me up - as long as I don't ask him for too much
But even he know 'Fest is layin' it down
Cause this is just an old beat he had layin' around!

[Hook: Kanye West]
I don't like it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick

[Hook: Rhymefest] x2
Kanye I don't like it unless it's (brand new)
You might see me in my (brand new) whip
With my (brand new) bitch, pumpin' my (brand new) shit
You don't like it - get off my (brand new) dick homey

Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard

This is black hoodie rap
There's no fear in my eyes where they lookin' at
Better look on map, besides, me nah like to eye fight
Me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (Christ!)
But if a man test my Stuy
I promise he won't like my reply
Boom bye bye, like Buju I'm crucial
I'm a Brooklyn boy, I may take some gettin' use to
Chain snatchin', ain't have it, gotta get it
Same shitted, from Brownsville to Bainbrid-idge
Fatherless child, Mama pulled double shifts
So the number runners was the only one I hanged widith
Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fidith
Fear no orangutans, pe-deal cid-daps
Like oranges-es, I'm dangerous
Please tell me what the name of this shit

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
(B-R-O-O-K-L-Y-N, come again)

I father, I Brooklyn Dodger them
I jack, I rob, I sin
Aww man, I'm Jackie Robinson
'Cept when I run base, I dodge the pen
Lucky me, luckily they didn't get me
Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the black Branch Rickey
From Brooklyn corners, burnin' branches of sticky
Spread love, Biggie, Brooklyn, hippie
I pity the fool with jewels like Mr. T
With no history in my borough, they borrow
With no intentions of returnin' tomorrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Half orphan, Mama never had an abortion
Papa sort of did, still I managed to live
I go hard, I owe it all to the crib
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
(B-R-O-O-K-L-Y-N, come again)

While I'm doin' my time due to circumstance
Cross that bridge, face the consequence
Once bid 10, now I paid my dues
Risk takers, we break the rules
Get so dark but I see good
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
Now, let it ring out, it's a warnin'
(Brooklyn) Let it be sworn in
Gotta make it stick workin' like we blue collar
Rip it to the core, underneath it all we harder
Right into the clip, bring it to the floor
One step, one step, give it up more
The road is rough and the street's a mess
Got big cash dreams and a sick death wish
Robbin' out the commercial stash
Kill the voice screamin' in my head

Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
(B-R-O-O-K-L-Y-N, come again)

God (Yea)
Oh God, Boi, (Yea)
G.O.O.D. (MMG, Nigga)

Chain all V.S. I ain't with the B.S
Catch me in your city riding hard through the B.X
Skinny nigga but I do it Large like a 3X
The last nigga tried to do me wrong umm he checked
Right back to that money slinging O's in the P.Jects
Or prolly catchin mileage while the pilot steer the P-Jet
Cause we next and we flex like

90PX, working all night no breaks or a recess
Vroom vroom yeah I know my car sound like a T-Rex
Bitch, I'm 23 years old and I ain't riding in a Prius
My cousin finished school can't believe he graduated
Threw him 20,000 dollars told his ass congratulations
Cause me, I wasn't made for that shit
But I could probably hire him and who all paid for his shit
And to all the hoes that was dissin' I pray to God that you see me
I'm on a yacht getting hella' high smoking good that seaweed
Bad bitch in her cha-cha grabbing on her chi-chi's
Million dollar deals on my email you mad as hell you ain't CC'ed
Chain all V.S. bitch you knows it's B.S. boy I run my city

End of story, nigga P.S
All white Maybach Greenbay they packed
Y'all niggas was slackin' 'member the hard nights we trappin'
And they say lifes a game of chess you can play checkers all on my jacket
Cause it's Damier and we bombs away on y'all big rappers
I say yeah nigga I murder that Panamera inserted back
Niggas say they want beef well where the fuck is my burger at?
I got white was serving that I been to jail I ain't going back
I alley oop your bitch off that backboard she throw it back
I slam dunk in that pussy, Blake Griffin'd yo ho, nigga
Maybach with Ricky Ross my chain rock like I know Jigga
Thats cause I do ho, shout out to my new ho
That pussy pink like Nuvo and I dog that Cujo

Niggas wanna talk what they gon' say (gon' say)
I hit the pedal til that motherfucker break (til it break)
Freaky bitches love the money I make
And to live like this you motherfuckers gotta pay
So let that shit burn
Let that shit burn I'mma let that shit burn let that shit burn (burn, gasoline)
The roof on fire I'm only gettin' higher
50 racks all in my pocket I want bottles I'mma let that shit burn

Bitch I had one shot and I ain't blow it
Riding til the wheels fall off and they tow it
I got green on top of green damn its looking like I grow it
D-Town the hood behind me like a king cobra

Burn bitch I let it burn bitch
My money straighter than a motherfucking perm bitch
No navigation you can see it is my turn chyea (swerv, swerv)
Shorty give me all that brain still ain't never learned shit

Oh that's your girl? Damn nigga you ain't learn shit
She naked in my studio I'm on that Howard Stern shit
I swear that mac 10 is my barbell, Finally Famous the cartel
Hit your girl in my whip and now that pussy got the new car smell
Same shit different day I ain't broke no more it's a different day
Don't turn me down I got shit to say my purp strong like it's lifting weights
It's Sean Don sippin' Chandon I got a bad bitch with them pom pom's
My Rollie don't tick-tock your shit sound like a time bomb, boom, lil' bitch

Niggas wanna talk what they gon' say (gon' say)
I hit the pedal til that motherfucker break (til it break)
Freaky bitches love the money I make
And to live like this you motherfuckers gotta pay
So let that shit burn
Let that shit burn I'mma let that shit burn let that shit burn (burn, gasoline)
The roof on fire I'm only gettin' higher
50 racks all in my pocket I want bottles I'mma let that shit burn

To grow old in my arms
Oh, girl
Take all, can't stop
My love

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

Everything she was doin' was cool, but it ain't Ralph though
Might have gave me head in the pool, that ain't your mouth though
Might have caught you clappin' every Sunday at church
You still ratchet cause they play your favorite song and you twerk
Designer purse on your arm, 'bout the size of a duffle bag
And them brand new titties cost a couple racks
Feelin' on a girl's ass with a troubled past
Chainsmokin' every day, at least a couple packs
You know I always hit you deeper than a baritone
Bone you with my jewelry on, that's a herringbone
Hotter than Arizon', fresher than aerosol
These condom rappin' ass niggas wasn't ever raw
It's aiight but it ain't Ralph though
And unless your money talkin' keep your mouth closed
We smokin' indo outdoor, in Palo Alto
If this party ain't got hoes my intro's my outro

To grow old in my arms
Oh, girl
Take all, can't stop
My love

Please spend the night forever
The silence in my room is louder than kaboom
Let's skip the north freeze for the southern breeze
The grass is always greener when there's bumblebees
She said to bring the flower seeds, I'll bring the pumpkin seeds
Shorty on the [?] foreign shit, she fucked the seed
We set alarm clocks just to wake and bake
She cooked up a salt fish and I fry the bake
Dresses by Margiela, lookin' so heavenly
She one step ahead of me, jewelry by Jenavi
Start sittin' by the lake, don't have no enemies
We'll have epiphanies, take you to Tiffany's
Wake you up early when the boat leaves, baby
Call you on the dock, you can smoke trees, baby
Livin' that life, you up in the air
Don't care, you can't, you can't stop it, baby

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

To grow old in my arms
Oh, girl
Take all, can't stop
My love

To grow old in my arms
Oh, girl
Take all, can't stop
My love

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

Can't stop, you can't stop
Can't, can't stop, you can't stop my love
Can't stop, you can't stop my love

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass

Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for?
"I never did this before"
Stop that
What, you want some patron?
I got that
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is goin' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris and some Mo
And we about to let it flow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it blow

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that, I grab yo ass

See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was practicing
Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal
For my newborn child 'cause now y'all

Know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some cris and some mo
And we about to let it flow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it blow

Ho! Ho! (We lookin' for some) Ho! Ho!

(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)
Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live
E'r'body want it but it ain't that serious
Mm hm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)

You don't see just how wild the crowd is?
You don't see just how fly my style is?
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know I just wanted better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I want it, layaway or a deposit
My Dad'll say "when you see clothes close ya eyelids"
We was sorta like Will Smith and his son
In the movie I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'Cause every summer he'll get some
Brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd sent me back to school wit' a new wardrobe and hey!

(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)
I think he did, when he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live
E'r'thing I wanted man it seemed so serious
Mm hm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)

When it feel like livin's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill say her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to? Huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the drop out keepin' kids in the school
I guess I'll clean up my act like Prince'll do
If not for the pleasure, least for the principle
They got the CD then got to see me drop gems
Like I dropped out of P.E.
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible

(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)
This is the story of a champion
Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
Stand up stand up! Here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
This is the story of a champion
Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
Stand up stand up! Here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
Tell me what it takes to be number one?

(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)
Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a lil' somethin' show you how we live
E'r'body want it but it ain't that serious
Mm hm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
(Did you realize, that you were a champion in their eyes?)

Is y?all ready for Twenty-0-7, it?s now another drought 
Everyone?s a killer, wow we buggin out 
Since 86 showin the crowd what I?m about 
And they still want to know when the album comin? out 
Ask the teenagers, O?Gs and Ask the kids 
What they definition of Classic is 
Timeless, cause age don?t count in the booth 
And your flow stays submerged in the fountain of youth 
And no doubt the truth I?m off the meters 
Everybody co-signing even non-believers 
I came in the door, became one of y?alls leaders 
In the fresh pair of Air Force One sneakers 
Uptown we call ?em uppies when they on divas 
Prolly worn when KRS One teaches 
Nas, made you look, before the haters 
I bet you Kan had ?em on when he walked with Jesus 
This is classic 

classic, better than I'v ever been
Talent, 
If it?s classic it?s gonna last forever than I?m everywhere you never been and better than I ever been 
Classic
Better than I'v ever been

[Kanye West:]
Can?t buy this, superflyness, like a shyness, your highness 
It?s performin?, look how long the line is 
That?s what happens when you make shit that?s timeless 
That?s what happens these rappers is the pioneers 
What do it take to be a legend like Nas is? 
That?s so novice, I?m so polished, I got a right to be a little bit snobbish 
I did a little bit of college, semesters it took 2 like Rob Base 
To let me figure out this wasn?t my place, the beat slowed til? you listened to my pace 
'cause I be killin? shit, but that?s evident, and y?all feelin? it, but I expected it 
If it?s classic it?s gonna last forever than I?m everywhere you never been and better than I ever been 

classic, better than I'v ever been
Talent, 
If it?s classic it?s gonna last forever than I?m everywhere you never been and better than I ever been 
Classic
Better than I'v ever been

[Nas:] 
Perseverance, see the fake hustler rapper to them it hurts to hear this 
O you went platinum ? yeah that?s nice, now let me see you do the same thing twice 
New times, 4 times, then been a couple of more times, please your amateur night is show time 
It?s one life to live so live it the best you can, the world could use one less man 
Not enough air, not enough car factories to manufacture new vehicles sedans and vans 
When they do make the whip you like ya chips ain?t right, by the time you could afford it the car ain?t important 
In the streets silent, it?s just I and - cops keep firin? in my environment 
Leavin? your slum when they drive home far from the hood brothers they eager to jump on 
I like to be the wall that they post up on, I like to see them fall, guilty for doing wrong 
I?m classic like the Air Ones, the Hustler shoe, that?s what I?m accustomed to 

classic, better than I'v ever been
Talent, 
If it?s classic it?s gonna last forever than I?m everywhere you never been and better than I ever been 
Classic
Better than I'v ever been

[KRS One:] 
How many y?all got criminal minded you you you y?all don?t be blinded 
Me I got no jewels on my neck, why ? I don?t need ?em I got your respect 
KRS 1 20 years I rock I do it for JMJ and Scott LaRock ? this hip hop 
And we?s a nation, don?t you want to hear more KRS on your radio station? 
Instead of broadcasting how we smokin? trees, on the radio we need to hear more local MC?s 
Where you at? Come on where you at? This is the difference between MC?ing and rap 
Rappers spit rhymes that are mostly illegal, MC?s spit rhymes to uplift they people 
Peace, love, unity, and Havin? fun, these are the lyrics of KRS One

Kanye West! (Swag King Cole) DJ Khaled!

Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

Can't a young nigga get money any more? (ah)
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor (ah)
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'

Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without, don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga
I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some theraflu

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the theraflu

On lonely nights I start to fade
(On lonely nights I start to fade)
Her love is a thousand miles away
(Her love is a thousand miles away)
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again

Memories made in the coldest winter

It's 4am and I can't sleep
(It's 4am and I can't sleep)
Her love is all that I can see
(Her love is all that I can see)
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again

Memories made in the coldest winter
Winter, winter

Goodbye my friend will I ever love again
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again

If spring can take the snow away
(If spring can take the snow away)
Can it melt away all of our mistakes
(Can it melt away all of our mistakes)
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend I won't ever love again

Never again

Hey
Hey,whats up
Is that you?
Yeah,listen

Baby I know we said it's best we don't talk no more
But, I gotta Get it off my chest about all Shit I've been hearing babe
I (I) thought you was that ride or die you would neva leave my side
I really made you out to be the woman that I would be with for life

I tooked in your kids, Did everything that you wanted me to
Now I see you frontin on radio interviews
Do It make you feel good to lie even though I know you wanna cry
Hey if you were gonna tell them You should of told them everything, Instead of Makein me the bad guy

If you got nothing good to say then don't, say nothin
'Cause if I really start talkin it will be somthin,
So you cheated, I cheated so be it,we need to Leave it alone, Move on
{You got real shit}

Hello, you have a collect call from the Clinton correctional facility, 
Will you accept the charges.
Yes, I'll accept it, whats up?

Sittin in my cell, HEAD ABOUT TO BURST
Wouldnt be alive if I didn't shoot first
Had it made, sorry for the ricochet
But I'll be in da grave if I didn't let it spray

I never said that I was perfect
Nobody walkin on this earth is
That night, I would've gotten murdered
If I ain't grab the ratchet and let them cowards have it

[Intro: J.D.]
Uh, listen up listen up listen up world
Listen up listen up listen up world, uh, I gotta confess
This the hottest remix I ever did in my life so so def

These are my confessions
Just when I thought I said all I can say
My chick on the side, said she got one on the way {Way}
These are my confessions, man I'm throwed and I don't know what to do
I guess I gotta keep part 2 of my confessions
If I'm gonna tell it then I gotta tell it all, (all yeah, yeah)
Damn near cried when I got that phone call (call)
I'm so throwed and I don't know what to do
But to keep part 2 of my confessions

If you got something to confess to right now step to the mic Twista

I confess about the incident when I was with a shorty in the Lexus coupe
Ya homie said she saw me but she didn't have proof
But I knew I really should've just been tellin' you the truth (uh, oh)
And I confess about the days I was rollin' my Seville with the custom gold grill
I was in the field still lookin' for a thrill

And I knew it was bogus I should've kept it real
And I confess that, just when I thought I could really try to get away
While havin other women on the side
But I never knew that it would catch up wit' a nigga one day

You gotta hear me girl, I done learned a lesson'
If you stay with me then it'll be a blessin', no stressing
It'll never be no guessin'
'Cause I'm pouring out my heart and these are my confessions

These are my confessions
Just when I thought I said all I can say
My chick on the side, said she got one on the way {Way}
These are my confessions, man I'm throwed and I don't know what to do
I guess I gotta keep part 2 of my confessions
If I'm gonna tell it then I gotta tell it all, (all yeah, yeah)
Damn near cried when I got that phone call (call)
I'm so throwed and I don't know what to do
But to keep part 2 of my confessions

Yeah Kanye To tha College Dropout
Damn, how does she bring it up how does she break it down
Man you at the clinic, dawg slow down that's yo child
But if you keep it, then you gotta tell your girl you was cheatin

And you went raw dog when you beat it
That's when she gon' tell you to beat it
You know it ain't y'all little secret
You famous you can't go nowhere 'cause everytime you go there

There's hoes there so basiclly you and your girl over
I know when she broke the news you told her "man don't say that"
Matter fact like Pat don't say,matter fact dont say jack,
Everytime a nigga sittin on paystacks
Things come up from way way way back way back way back way way back

These are my confessions
Just when I thought I said all I can say
My chick on the side, said she got one on the way {Way}
These are my confessions, man I'm throwed and I don't know what to do
I guess I gotta give part 2 of my confessions
If I'm gonna tell it then I gotta tell it all, (all yeah, yeah)
Damn near cried when I got that phone call (call)
I'm so throwed and I don't know what to do
But to keep part 2 of my confessions

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(That's that crack music nigga)
(That real black music nigga)

How we stop the black panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that?
What Gil Scott was hearing
When our heroes and heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in DC and Maryland
We invested in that it's like we got Merril-Lynch
And we been hanging from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it, sell it
The fiends cop it
Nowadays they can't tell if that's that good shit
We ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue yeah, that's pure man

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(That's that crack music nigga)
(That real black music nigga)

From the place where the fathers gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the
Gonna lock us up in a, home
How the Mexicans say we just trying to party homes
They want to pack us all in a box like Styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Am and Hammer baking soda
Raised they own quota
Writing when our soldiers ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause dreams of being 'Hova went from being a brokeman to a being a dopeman
Ta being a president look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the mos and the folks man
Shorty come and see if mama straight overdosing
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music you make when you round that
Crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

God-how could you let this happen, happen, happen, happen, happen, happen?

That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

That's that crack music, crack music,that real black music, black music

Our father, give us this day our daily bread, give us these days and take our daily bread
See I done did all this ole bullshit
And to atone I throw a little something, something on the pulpit
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mammas ain't got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gonna repo everything they ever took from Grammy
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammy's
This dark dixon has become America's addiction those who ain't even black use it

You might think you've peeped the scene
You haven't
The real one is far to mean
The wattered down, the one you know
Was made up centuries ago
They it sound all wack and corny
Yes its awful blasted boring
Twisted fiction, sick addiction
Well gather round children
Zip it listen!

Can we get much higher?
So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher?
So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher?
So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher?
So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fantasized about this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
D.J's need to listen to the model's
You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?
(You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?)
Stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my bitch in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

Can we get much higher?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon and Louis
Beyond the truest
Hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respawn the students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons that still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rolling down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines huh
And then they make noise

Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

At the mall there was a seance
Just kids, no parents
Then the sky filled with heroines
(I saw the devil) In a Chrysler LeBaron
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
(And the fires did declare us)
(But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress)
(And moved her back in Paris)

Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Oh

Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Where all my real ones at?
Hey!

All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckas stand on dat side
All the lames stand on dat side
All the bustas stand on dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side
All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckas stand on dat side
All the lames stand on dat side
Dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side

Got two bitches bumping clits, that's a cat fight
I'm ridin' with the stick, that's that act right
In here with all my jewels like I'm a Rabbi
Zone 6, East Atlanta, I'm from that side
Uh, I asked the plug for a kilo
He hit me with a brick like I'm Deebo
I charged the high for the zero
But we gon' keep that on the D-low
Assault rifle with the peephole
It go A-B-A-B-B-B, Mortal Kombat cheat code
And I'm in here with my chico
Might get you whacked, you standing three close
So

All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckers stand on dat side
All the lames stand on dat side
All the bustas stand on dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side
All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckers stand on dat side
All the lames stand on that side
Dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side

All the haters hating, wait a minute, stand on dat side
I don't need no allies, I don't feel the need to fraternize
Yeezys in the field, Yeezys, Yeezys in the field now
Made it to the NBA, we in the NFL now
All the haters hating, wait a minute, stand on dat side
Moved into a neighborhood where I'm the only black guy
People claim they praying for you, really, they be preying on you
All this shit is weighing on you, don't look back, they gaining on you
"'Ye, look down, they aiming for you, all this shit is draining on you
And the people claim to know you, put 'em on, get famous on you
Then they go and blame it on you, you just good, they can't ignore you"
Don't respect who came before 'em and made they lane so I
Pulled a Lambo' out and then I went and got it baptized
Moved into a neighborhood where I'm the only black guy
Neighbors said they think I gave the neighborhood a black eye
They too worried 'bout what I'm doing so I gotta keep my grass high

(Dat right, dat right, dat right, dat right, dat right)
All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckas stand on dat side
All the lames stand on dat side
Dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side

I'm so anti, I'm so, I'm so anti
Seen my buddy passout, I'm careful who I stand by
All you do is tell stories, you a campfire
You can barely hold your water, you a damn liar
Look at all the haters who came out to see him
I'm fresh to death, my closet is a mausoleum
They don't like I'm always hopping out of BM's
They don't know how many times I coulda lost my freedom
Went from open mics to rocking coliseums
I just bought your bitch a flight with my per diem
But I would never invite that hoe to my museum
I'm gone by 12 o'clock PM, that just how I treat 'em
So tell them groupie bitches stand on that side
I call these niggas groupies too 'cause that what niggas act like
Stand on that side, I don't need your advice
Spit my trap like moving weight, I'm a fat guy
Wait, I just wanna see my paper stack like that high
Wait, my girl waist a 28, I like 'em that size
Wait, and them cakes a 38, I like 'em that wide
They ask why I was late, I pointed down and told 'em, "That's why"

All the haters stand on dat side
All the suckers stand on dat side
All the lames stand on dat side
Dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side, dat side

I love it though
I love it though

Uh put your hands to the constellations
They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan

I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

May the Lord forgive us
May the God's be with us
And that magic hour
I seen good Christians
Make brash decisions
Oh she do it,
What happened to Religion?
Oh she lose it
She putting on her make up
She casually allure
Text message break up, the casualty of tour
How she gone wake up and not love me no more
I thought I was the ass hole, I guess it's rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the Lebron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stuntin' on a jumbotron
I'm looking at her like "this what you really wantedt, huh?"
What we argue anyway, oh I forgot its summertime

Put your hands to the constellations
They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan

(Satan, Satan, Satan)

I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

When the sun go down its the magic hour
The magic hour
And outta all the colors that are still up the skies
You got green on your mind
I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up
Don't leave while your hot that's how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so that he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered you jerk, she said "you are what you eat"
You see I always loved your sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen or Dior Homme that's Dior Homme not Dior homie
The crib Scarface couldn't be more Tony
You love me for me could you be more phoney

Uh put your hands to the constellations
They way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven't said a word, haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

Lookin' at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sippin' Rose all along
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry red chariot, excess is just my character
All black tux, nigga shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired
Before his jaw shattered climbin' up the Lord's ladder
We still speedin' runnin' signs like they don't matter
Uh, hater talkin' never made me mad
Never that when I'm in my favorite paper tag
Therefore G.4's at the Clearport
When it come to tools fool I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin' so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex' sport
So many cars D.M.V. though it was mail fraud
Different traps, I was gettin' mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, rep Melbourne
Whole clique's appetite had tapeworms
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my jay burns
I shed a tear before the nights over
God bless the man I put this ice over, uh
Gettin' 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice roller
I'm makin' love to the angel of death
Catchin' feelings never stumble retracin' my steps

Yeah, they tried to put me in a box
It's impossible
Are-Les
(Oh yeah)
And this time it's all or nothing
(Set it real, oh yeah)
Listen

I'ma take you 10 rounds like a boxer baby
Show you how I put down with rocks, my lady
Promise you asking when I'm done for more
I'ma switch it up and make life comfortable

I'ma be the reason you're not sleeping baby
I'ma invade the thoughts you keeping maybe
If you're still not convinced, I'll tell you more
Make you forget the way you felt before
(Oh, oh)

I can be ya wake up reason daily
You can be my first and leading lady
I'ma make you happy that you waited
For me to settle down
(Oh, oh)

I'm ready and I'm not afraid to say it
I'm tired of the game, already played it
I'm over all 'em other girls I dated
I tell you what you are

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the one that I quit the game for

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the reason I quit the game for

Can't explain just how much you shine
Give me your heart, I'll give you mine
I'm putting my future on the line
Baby it?s just you and I

From this day on let's make a deal
I'll stay true, you keep it real
Don't be shy 'bout how you feel
Baby don't be shy, hey
(Oh, oh)

I can be ya wake up reason daily
You can be my first and leading lady
I'ma make you happy that you waited
For me to settle down
(Oh, oh)

I'm ready and I'm not afraid to say it
I'm tired of the game, already played it
I'm over all 'em other girls I dated
I tell you what you are

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the one that I quit the game for

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the reason I quit the game for

I roll with a better view, suit with a weatherproof
Burberry overcoat, new money attitude
A playboy you would know if you read the news
I could be with any other fine girl instead of you

Night life, city light, ride roof back
She's quite pretty nice, I?ll choose that
I'll be your publisher, you could be my centerfold
Long as you do me right, show me how I'm edible

And I'm a lead man, you could be my co-star
You been acting like your mind's right so far
And you the type that enjoy the best
The 4 star suites, ice, big toys and jets for real

Let me show you how its' supposed to feel
Mommy take them shoes off, lets close the deal
'Cause sunny you reached the top, stop social climbing
If my record don't sell we?ll still go diamond

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the one that I quit the game for

you're my diamond girl
You're the one I put the rock on
You're my diamond girl
You're the reason I quit the game for, hey

Yeah
(You're my diamond girl)
I know you want hear that again
(Yeah)
Run the record back
(You?re my diamond)

are-Les, yeah
(Oh, baby)
Just rock with it
(You're my diamond)
It's next selection
(You're my diamond girl)

I wanna see whats under there there now put it in the air
Yeah load it on my Macbook air
Its a new form of macking don't be old fashioned update your passion
Only reason I be eye chatting its when its time for some action
I wanna hit it way way out like John Paxton
But for now I just gotta watch her practice
Send her a picture so she see it she said
I cant believe it
She all on me on me
I think she want me want me
I think she showed her homies
Why? Cause all the homies on me
Hey yo all the digital gonna have to do for now
But I'ma break it down when I get by your town

I love it girl
The way you bring your light into this room
I love it girl
The way you lace that up when you in them shoes
I love it girl
The way your lip looks after you apply the gloss
I love you girl girl
You look right in the screen and take it off off

See I cant wait till I get a little taste of you
And I just upgraded to 10-80-I hi def just for you

My digital girl girl girl girl girl girl
She's my digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
She's my digital girl

My homies never seen
But I always got you right here for me
Tucked in my Louis computer bag
Wherever you are I could be
I type you messages for the next send off
You shoot me a video and then I load
Even though I hate this distance it keeps me persistent
One day ill have your ass up in this kitchen

My digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
She's my digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
She's my digital girl

Not a day goes by shawty
Without you on my mind shawty
But I'm not carrying underwear
I wanna see whats under there

When you see the picture cut off the face
Now cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC search till I reach third base
And when I get home I'ma hit home plate
Wait would this be considered our first date
Yay this picture just looks so trash
Your body make a baller spend cook coked cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
And Playboy mags like Stacy Dash
Or Kim Cardash and be a lady addict
You know whats a crazy thing
A girl would make you wait longer than ac green
Passion of the Christ thirty three year old virgin
That's disrespectful baby don't encourage him
I like them brown yellow Puerto Rican or Persian
Dashiki kimono or turban
They say I dress white but my swag so urban
Tryin' my work
I hear the way the text say
Baby you up
Question mark
And she respond yes sir

My digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
My digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
My digital girl girl girl girl girl girl girl
Girl girl girl girl girl girl girl

I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva

I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a

Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla
Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla

Stop the track, let me state facts
I told you give me a minute and I'll be right back
Fifty million round the world
And they said that I couldn't get it

I done got so sick and filthy with Benji's, I can't spend
How you gone be talkin' shit?
You act like I just got up in it
Been the number one diva in this game for a minute

I know you read the paper
The one that they call a queen
Every radio round the world know me
'Cause that's where I be

I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva

I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a

Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla
Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla

When he pull up, wanna pop my hood up
Bet he better have a six pack in the cooler
Getting money, divas getting money
If you ain't getting money then you ain't got nothing for me

Tell me somethin' where your boss at?
Where my ladies up in there that like to talk back
I wanna see ya, I'd like to meet cha
What you said, she ain't no diva

Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla
Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla

Since fifteen in my stilettos been struttin' in this game
What's your age? Was the question they asked when I hit the stage
I'm a diva, best believe her, you see her, she getting paid
She ain't callin' him to greet her, don't need him, her bed's made

This is a stick up, stick up
I need them bags, uh, that money
A stick up, stick up
You see them ask, where that money?

All my ladies get it up
I see you, I do the same
Take it to another level
No passengers on my plane

I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey
I'm a, I'm a, a diva

This is a stick, up stick up
I need them bags, uh, that money
Stick up, stick up
You see them ask where that money

Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla
Na, na, na, diva is a female version of a hustla
Of a hustla, of a, of a hustla

I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva

I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva
I'm a, I'm a, a diva, I'm a, I'm a, a diva, hey

Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make believe, rapping 'bout my own life
(Woo!) That's rare nigga, (Woo!) Ric Flair nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair nigga, (Woo!) I give this beat the chair nigga
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes, trifecta
Dope money, hope money, Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit, ungrateful niggas, I don't like

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang, bang)
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang, bang)
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like (Bang, bang)
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like (This Chicago, nigga!)

They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike (Whoa!)
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite (Whoa!)
But I never hit a woman never in my life (Eh!)
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phif' (Eh!)
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice (Whoa!)
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice (Whoa!)
Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice (Eh!)
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right? (Eh!)
But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes (Whoa!)
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life (Whoa!)
We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night (Eh!)
Free Bump J, real nigga for life (Eh!)
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice (Whoa!)
Shout out to L-E-P, Jay Boogie right? (Whoa!)
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? right?!

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like
Don't like, don't like, a snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like

Fake Gucci, that's that shit I don't like
Smoking on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screaming Sosa, that's that nigga that I like
I don't want relations, I just want one night
Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life
And I stunt so much in clothes, cause I'm living life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealing light
Bitch I'm high off life, got me feeling right
Bitch I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like
And bitch we GBE, we just go on sight

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

We are not one and the same, nigga I'm fucking insane, fuck is you saying?
Yo ass been doing the same, shit, not doing what you saying
Dang, I told yo old bitch she was fucking a lame, turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holding that pain, I just hope you been praying
Bang bang, riding for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlifes
And I run this bitch like it's no lights, going hard the whole night
Cause I ain't going back to my old life, I promise

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

I done sold purp' (purple) I done sold white (white)
Running outta work, that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit, she gave me dome twice
She blowing up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother 30 for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

Uh, Mr. West is in the building
Children, ladies
Call the shrink up, they about to go crazy
Hold your drinks up, like you was celebratin'
Hold your guns, if they is hella' hatin'
I'm so clean, and them they got rabies
I can see them through the lens of my Ray B
And wait fast
'Ye do you play fair?
Grab your remote, for the reason they made TiVO
Snap your Nikon's with the icons with Nike's on
I heard you like to do it with the lights on
But I really make babies when the mics on
Check out all my kids, that bought all my cribs
Got me out that apartment
You have got to pardon him
I am so retarded with a spit like a retarded kid that spits
Oops, I ain't mean to say that shit
I told my homie Chris, these chicks is dangerous
You need a girl that's A list
Not one that's just barely made it on a list
'Cause from wall to wall
We got it poppin' right now
It's a hundred girls, try'na get down down down

Baby girl, gotta tell you
Seen you somewhere before, you look familiar
You had a red shirt, Gucci slacks, and a Gucci bag to match
Tell me you remember that baby girl, but lady never mind that
Can I take you out later? And here's my contact
Can you do me this favor? Lemme spend this paper
On you 'cause it's just sitting and let's just get it and go

Let me
Let me
Guarantee
Guarantee
I'll make your day, OK!

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

The way I see it girl, you a perfect ten
That's why I'm all on you baby
You got me wondering
What to do, what to say
Don't want to come off lame
Girl do you gotta man?
Better yet girl, what's ya name?
Just let me
Let me
Guarantee
Guarantee
I'll make your day, OK!
Now if you wit it shawty
Shawty
Let me
Let me
Take yo' bad away
Baby can we dream, just for today?

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

I wanna get down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Get down
We can get down

To all my ladies
Sexy ladies
I wanna get down
With y'all
Ladies ladies
I wanna get down
I wanna get down

Drive slow homie, drive slow homie
You never know homie, might meet some hoes homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie

My homie Marley used to stay, 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'd leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'll take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all
With the girls a lotta flirtin' involved, but dawg
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryna get in some drawers, so
Put me on with these hoes homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow homie

Drive slow homie, drive slow homie
You never know homie, might meet some hoes homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie

What it do? I'm posted up in the parkin' lot, my trunk wavin'
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazin'
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy 'Lac
Trunk open, screens on, neon's lit with fifth relaxed
I'm on a mission for dime pieces and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them fo's crawlin', you see them screens fallin'
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'
I'm leanin' on the switch, sittin' crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab
A young Houston hardhitter all about the scrilla
Ridin' somethin' candy coated, crawlin' like a caterpillar
I'm tippin' on them four's, I'm jammin' on that Screw
I'm lookin' for them hoes baby what it do, drive slow homie

Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes (drive slow homie)
If you ridin' around the city with nowhere to go (drive slow homie)
Live today cause tomorrow man, you never know

You never know homie, might meet some hoes homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie

My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got more TV's in here than where I live

And that don't make no sense, but baby I'm the shit
And everything I flip, you know it's somethin' serious
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics baby it's evident
You see a player flickin', and how you ain't convinced
That you should go on and kiss it, "Just a Lil' Bit" (just a lil' bit)
I got my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleamin', through my angel wings
They see me, hoes actin like they seen a king
With that mean lean, smokin' on that finest Cali green
My woodgrain oak, I'm ridin' on Vogues
My cylinder quiet, like tip-toes
I sold O's, and this I know
When you see them hoes, lil' homie drive slow

Drive slow homie, drive slow homie
You never know homie, might meet some hoes homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie

I got a dirty mind,
I got filthy ways,
I'm trying to bathe my ape in your milky way
I'm a legend, I'm irreverent
I'll be reverend
I'ma be so far up
We don't give a fu
Welcome to the danger zone
Step into the fantasy
You and I invited to the other side of sanity
They calling me an alien
A big headed astronaut
Maybe it's because your boy
Yeezy gets ass a lot

You're so hypnotizing
Could you be the devil, could you be an angel
Your touch magnetizing
Feels like I am floating, leave my body glowing

They say be afraid
You're not like the others, futuristic lover
Different DNA, they dont understand you

You're from a whole other world
A different dimension
You open my eyes
And I'm ready to go, lead me into the light

Kiss me, kiss me
Infect me with your love, and fill me with your poison
Take me, take me
Wanna be your victim, ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien, your touch so foreign
It's supernatural, extraterrestrial

You're so super sonic
Wanna feel your powers, stun me with your lasers
Your kiss is cosmic, every move is magic

You're from a whole other world
A different dimension
You open my eyes
And I'm ready to go, lead me into the light

Kiss me, kiss me
Infect me with your love, and fill me with your poison
Take me, take me
Wanna be your victim, ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien, your touch so foreign
It's supernatural, extraterrestrial

I know a bar out in Mars,
Where they driving space ships instead of cars,
Cop a Prada space suit about the stars,
Getting stupid high, straight out the jars
Pockets on shrek, rockets on deck
Tell me what's next,
Alien sex?
I'ma disrobe you,
Then I'ma probe you
See, I abducted you,
So I tell you what to do
I tell you what to do
What to do
What to do

Kiss me, kiss me
Infect me with your love, and fill me with your poison
Take me, take me
Wanna be your victim, ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien, your touch so foreign
It's supernatural, extraterrestrial
Extraterrestrial
Extraterrestrial

Boy, you're an alien, your touch so foreign
It's supernatural, extraterrestrial

Oh, baby, how you doing?
You know I'm-a cut right to the chase, huh
Some women were made
But me, myself
I like to think that I was created
For a special purpose
You know?
What's more special than you?
You feel me?

It's on baby, let's get lost
You don't need to call in to work 'cause you the boss
For real, want you to show me how you feel
I consider myself lucky; that's a big deal
Why?
Well, you got the key to my heart
But you ain't gon' need it
I'd rather you open up my body
And show me secrets you didn't know was inside
No need for me to lie

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up

He got a big ego
Such a huge ego
I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Usually I'm humble
Right now I don't choose
You can leave with me
Or you could have the blues
Some call it arrogant
I call it confident
You decide when you find
Out what I'm working with

Damn, I know I'm killing you with them legs
Better yet, them thighs
Matter of fact it's my smile or maybe my eyes
Boy, you're a sight to see, kinda something like me

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up

I got a big ego
Such a huge ego
But he love my big ego
It's too much
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I walk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I talk like this 'cause I can back it up
I, I, I can back it up
I can back it up
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up
He got a big ego
Such a huge ego, such a huge ego
But I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Ego so big you must admit
I got every reason to feel like I'm that bitch
Ego so strong, if you ain't know
I don't need no beat--I can sing it with piano

I got a big ego, (ha ha ha)
I'm such a big ego, (ha ha ha)
I got a big, (ha ha ha), ego
She love my big, (ha ha ha), ego
So stroke my big, (ha ha ha), ego
I like to joke around a little bit, but here we go
Welcome to the wonderful world
Of go play the earl 'cause
Everything I throw up, blow up
Talking to the girl
She said, know what, grow up
You nasty
I don't understand why they trippin'
If you ask me
Flow is just as nice as
I admit the propane
I just spit probably
Just raise the gas prices
Everybody in the club
Try and get as fresh as me
What you want, dog?
Trying to stay recession free
And spit refreshly
When I rock the stadium
You probably get sweaty
You should bring a extra tee
Now I'm standing next to Jay
Who standing next to B
You coulda been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me
That's good for ego
Me and my ego
And it go wherever we go
My ego is my imaginary friend
He was with me when I was only imagining
I had dreams of the league
One day I play Kobe
I walk up the puff and he already know me
Coulda let the dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use the arrogance as a steam that power my dreams
And my ego

It's on baby, let's get lost
You don't need to call in to work 'cause you the boss
For real, want you to show me how you feel
I consider myself lucky, that's a big deal
Why?
Well, you got the key to my heart
But you ain't gon' need it
I'd rather you open up my body
And show me secrets you didn't know was inside
No need for me to lie

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up

He got a big ego
Such a huge ego
I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Usually I'm humble
Right now I don't choose
You can leave with me
Or you could have the blues
Some call it arrogant
I call it confident
You decide when you find
Out what I'm working with

Damn, I know I'm killing you with them legs
Better yet, them thighs
Matter of fact it's my smile or maybe my eyes
Boy, you're a sight to see, kinda something like me

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up

I got a big ego
Such a huge ego
But he love my big ego
It's too much
I walk like this 'cause I can back it up

It's too big (big)
It's too wide (wide)
It's too strong (strong)
It won't fit (fit)
It's too much (much)
It's too tough (tough)
He talk like this 'cause he can back it up
He got a big ego
Such a huge ego, such a huge ego
But I love his big ego
It's too much
He walk like this 'cause he can back it up

Ego so big you must admit
I got every reason to feel like I'm that bitch
Ego so strong, if you ain't know
I don't need no beat, I can sing it with piano

She said I don't spend time like I really should
She said she don't know me, anymore
I think she hates me deep down, I know she does
She wants to erase me, hm

A couple days no talking, I seen my baby
And this what she tells me

She said
I keep on running, keep on running
And nothing works
I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking
And nothing helps
I can't stop missing you, yeah

It's like I'm her new nightmare, she ain't escapin'
It makes me feel a bit complete, yeah
Knowing someone you love don't feel the same way about ya
Memories they soon delete, hm

A couple weeks no talking, I seen my baby
I've missed you so damn much, hey
I wish we could start over, I told my baby
This what this bitch tells me, she said

I keep on running, keep on running
And nothing works
I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking
And nothing helps
I can't stop missing you, yeah

'Cause I'm in the magazines
On the T-V
No matter where you are you might hear me
I'm in the magazines
On the T-V
No matter where you go you might see me

Uh, I'm Yeezy
She said Hi I'm Aria,
No! You an angel you wave hi to Aaliyah
I got a show in Korea
They built a new arena
Why don't you come watch nigga tear the whole scene up
I know I've seen you before
But don't know where I've seen ya
Oh I remember now,
It's something I that I dreamed of
Don C said she cool
But don't let her f-ck ya cream up
Monica Lewinsky on ya dress take ya to the cleaners
Sure enough a week later I'm in extra love
And everybody know she mine so she extra plug
Every bouncer every club show her extra love
We just praying the new fame don't get the best of us
But all good things gotta come to an end-a
She let it go to her head, no not my Aria
The height of her shopping was writers blocking me
I couldn't get my shit out any way, I hope you die Aria

I keep on running, keep on running
And nothing works
I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking you
Nothing helps
I can't stop missing you, yeah

All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the (all the girls standing in the)
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!

You and your girls are goin' out tonight
Y'all been plannin' this all week right?
You got somethin' boys can't deny
(here's a hint)
It's like apple pie
Cut ya open and your just white
You ain't tired
You wanna cause a riot
Who could say no to you?
Wait till they get a lode of you

A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
(because)

All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the (all the girls standing in the)
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!

Superstar, ask you what you had
Bartender give you drinks, you just laugh
(He talkin' bout a autograph!)
You just wanna dance in your wreck-less path
Close your eyes, see colorful things you wanna
Let go, feel wonderful things, just a bit more
Just to get in the lane
So we can answer the brain
You're conflicted with pain

A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
A hundred dollar bills look (at you, at you)
(because)

All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the (all the girls standing in the)
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!

(At you!)
Baby
You partied all night in 6th gear
Just so you know
(At you!)
Their chase scene
Is blowin' over here
Don't worry
(At you!)
I won't blow your high
Talkin' 'bout your life
And how we've been so wrong
(At you!)
Just know if you go outside
And see the sun rises
All the stars are gone

(At you!)
Tell your friends
They can go
You're okay
You're just chillin' with me
(At you!)
Here's a towel
Wipe your face
Cool down
Have a drink it's on me

Here's a towel
(Here's a towel)
Wipe your face
(Wipe your face)
Cool down
(Cool down)
Have a drink it's on me

Here's a towel
(Here's a towel)
Wipe your face
(Wipe your face)
Cool down
(Cool down)

But you would rather party 'cause

All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the (all the girls standing in the)
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!

All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom!
All the girls standing in the (all the girls standing in the)
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom

Damn, here we go again
Common passed on this beat
I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

I'll never be picture-perfect Beyonce'
Be light as Albi or black as Chauncey
Remember him from blackstreet
He was as black as the street was
I'll never be as laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
Ya see how I creeped up?
Ya see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I never rock a mink coat in a winter time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like Will.I.Am
Let me know if you feel it man
Cause everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again
Everybody sayin' what's not for him
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

And I'm back to tear it up
Haters, start your engines
I hear 'em gearin' up
People talkin' so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get their haircut
Okay fair enough, the streets is flarin' up
Cause they want gun-talk, or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reebok's, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
So say goodbye to the N-double-A-C-P award
Goodbye to the India Arie award
They'd rather give me the nigga-please award
But I'll just take the I-got-a-lot a-cheese award

Damn, here we go again
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

I know that people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over six hundred caskets
Man, killin's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
He got changed over his chains, a block off Ashlin
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want time, so I can't afford to pay
The slip on the door, cause I can't afford to stay
My 15 seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please no more today

Damn, here we go again
Everybody sayin' what's not for him
But Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not, made me everything I am

You can't roll a blunt to this one
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J
You gotta puff a J on this one
You can't even drink Crist-owl on this one
You gotta drink Crist-all
Buy some red wine, a little Gocha

You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
Can I get my grown man on for one second?
Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be hanging wit' Jay-Z, Jay-Z

Lady, excuse me miss, what's your name?
Can you come, hang with me?
Possibly, can I take you out, tonight

You already know what it's hitting for
Ma I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sitting on
fifty fifty venture with them S dots kicking off
Armadale popping now, only bring a nigga more
Only thing missing is a Missus
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner
To play spades with the cards up, all trust
Who else you goin' run with, the truth is us
Only dudes moving units, 'em, Pimp Juice and us
It's the Roc in here!
Maybach outside gots rocks in air
PJ's on the runway, Young got air
I don't land at a airport, I call it the clear port
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more
Back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla!

Excuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady (You gotta puff a J to this one
Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rolling with Jay-Z, Jay-Z
Lady! What's your name?
Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rolling with Jay-Z, Jay-Z

Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him.
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
Now she don't like him, she never met him
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
Better them than me, she don't agree with him
She's mad at that, he's not having that
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin along
With a flashy nigga bragging on the song
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that
He 2-ways her, so she writes back
Smiley faces after all of her phrases
Either she the one or I'm caught in "The Matrix"
But fuck it, let the Fish-burne
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!

Excuse me, damn! (You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady (Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's, those are shoes by the way)
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
For the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
Lady! What's your name?
So foxy girl, you're so hot to trot

Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one
You can easily get past, but that chapter is done
But I'm done reading for now
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
But ma you got a for real f'serious role
I'm bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playing
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name?

Excuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Lady, you're so contagious, I can't take it have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name?
So foxy girl, so hot to trot, 
Lady! What's your name?
You're so foxy girl, you're so hot to trot

Last night me and my dawg were hanging out
Tired of being cramped up in the house
We were simply celebrating life
Off from work today so it's alright
But all those ups and downs had me in a twist
Started dancing with this model chick
And then every record became my favorite song
And that is all that I remember

'Cause I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night extravaganza

I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night extravaganza

When I woke up from last night's avoutrie
Baby girl was laying next to me
Shoes and clothes were scattered everywhere
I got dressed and got up out of there
But not before I called for me a cab
Hung over from all the drinks I had
And now I'm telling my story to you
Everything that I remember

I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night extravaganza

I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night Extravaganza 

Extravaganza 
Extravaganza 
Only was an extravaganza
Yes it was the things that I remember
And I remember

Bein' at the bar tryin' ask what that hypno hit fo' (Hit fo')
Knowin' I can't afford to get mo' (Get mo')
Here's a broke nigga tricked buy one bottle and sip slow (sip slow)
Or, or leave the club now
Do like I did, come back when u get dough
A fishstick nigga now we messing with lobsters
We messin' with Grammies, we messin' with Oscars
You messin' with that dranky drank
Plus you puffin' on that stanky stank
In the morning you gon' draw a blank
The hotel said y'all was on 'em
My girl wasn't on shit, I picked the wrong one
Steady talkin' bout I ain't like them other girls
Well tonight I'm tryin' to find them other girls
Bring they own rubber girl
Never meet ya mother girl
You know they love it when you love 'em
And they tell they friends girl

I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night extravaganza

I had one too many drinks
And ended up at the Embassy
With this pretty little thing from Memphis, Tennessee
It was a one night Extravaganza

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

Sippin' yak while I elevate my mind state
Hand by the burner in case a near try to violate
Never go down, stay rising like Andre
'Cause my corner back every thing the Don say
Long Beach, yeah I yell it out in every song
Err'y day, err'y night till I'm carried home
Forever known, big ballin', try it in the city
Then yelling out swish way before it in the net

And I ain't knockin' niggas hustle, it's all a game
And when they mention the best, will they call your name?
There's only winners and losers, ain't no in betweens
We either hit the hall of fame or you fall to shame
And you ain't got to wonder where my place at
Pepsi blue rags sorta poppin', bitch taste that
One hit of the bong will blow ya face back
LMFAO to the bank, boy, ASAP

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

I do it 'cause I feel it
Live it like I'm talkin'
Flow so straight but won't a nigga try and walk it 
I'm so high, yeah the weed, I'm still sparking it
My bitch bad and my diamonds still sparkling
Got the competition shaking like Parkinsons
Breads in the bag, call it good marketin'
Life's a bitch but I don't caught again
That's what a word to the third letter

Shot, shot, shots to me and my cheddar
Run these emcee's I'm tougher than leather
Vietnamese eyes tighter than ever
Fuck with the Dogg I'm biting whomever
'Cause I didn't came from a long path
Only God knows how long left the Dogg has
'Cause like time we all pass
So if you ever taste success, just pray it's from a tall glass

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

I sold my soul to the devil that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
'Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can't take the phoniness
Get away from me whack tracks

I can only make only hits
I'm an only child lost in the world
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell rings
Its feeling like hell rings
It's bringing me back down
He's checking my background
It's ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn't have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends

I'm spaced out dog, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain't finna change, so we won't agree again
Till then I'll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

[Repeat: x4]
See you with my eyes closed

I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul
My soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

Wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico
Remember that last time, the episode
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times just to say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have to laugh Indian
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I

Wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me
Wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them
Throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Nah, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
Oh, life's a feeling, yeah
Oh, the body's a feeling

California love!

California, knows how to party
California, knows how to party
In the city of L.A.
In the city of good ol' Watts
In the city, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens,
Lean mean money-makin-machines serving fiends
I been in the game for ten years making rap tunes
Ever since honeys was wearing Sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin', lookin' like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to the Bay
Your city is the bomb if your city making pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre putting it down for
Californ-I-a

California (California) knows how to party (knows how to party!)
California (west coast) knows how to party (yes they do)(that's right)
In the city of L.A. (city of L.A.)
In the city of good ol' Watts (good ol' Watts)
In the city, the city of Compton (city of Compton)
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin! (come on, come on, come on)

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it, shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby (that's right, uh)
Shake it shake it baby baby, shake it shake it mama, shake it Cali

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreaming
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
The life of a west side player where cowards die
And its all war
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearing Chucks not Ballies (that's right, uh)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossing but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumping and grinding like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sactown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Cali-love

California (California) knows how to party
California, knows how to party (come on baby)
In the city (south-central) of L.A. (L.A.)
In the city of good ol' Watts (uh, that's right)
In the city, the city of Compton (yup, yup)
We keep it rocking! We keep it rocking! (yeah, yeah now make it shake, c'mon)

Shake it shake it baby (uh)
Shake it shake it, shake it baby (yeah)
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali (shake it Cali)
Shake it shake it baby (shake it Cali)
Shake it shake it, shake it shake it mama (west-coast) shake it Cali

Uh, yeah, uh, long beach in the house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definitely in the house
Frisko, Frisko

Hey, you know LA is up in this
Pasadena, where you at
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good
(Tupac) Even Hollywood trying to get a piece baby
Sacramento, Sacramento where ya at? yeah

Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up (I can't see ya!)
California Love!
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's the best side

I make a move
I make a move
I make it hot up in here, look around see what we got up in here.

[Chorus: x2]
Bring em in (kick em out)
Bring em in (kick em out)
Bring em in you ain't fiftin we ant speaking (bitch)
Bring em in (kick em out)
Bring em in (kick em out)
Bring em in its Dr Dre and 50 cent trick

They said we couldn't do it, look now I did it
I topped in the club I'm still sipping the bub
The drama I'm with it I get biz ya get it?
I B's on that shit I split ya w(id)ig
That's why a nigga did it, I cant forget it
I said I didn't do it, witnesses said I did it
I'm fresh out on bail, my Benz is all kitted
5 TV's my rims is so s(id)ick
I cruise through your, just fall in love with it
Baby come in, girl I wanna give it to ya
Once I'm in, its on I'm a freak with it
Money come qu(id)ick, hot shit I spit it
G unit k(id)icks, blue New York fitted
Shorty wanna cut, oh yeah I'm with it
She come to my hotel room, she know she gonna get it

Its exercise, my homie he be waiting he ain't next to ride

[Chorus: x2]

[Bridge]
Who always talking about, my reputation
I don't love em I don't need em I don't love em I don't need em I don't love em
I don't care what she do with him, its all god wit me
Yeah

They cant do it how I do it I'm number one I knew it
I do I do my thing n gangstas bob to it
Its hit after hit, dam I'm on a roll
I'm like James Brown now, man I got soul
Naw I ain't a pimp but hell yeah I got hoes
I was born to do this when I breathe I make a killing
Ya think I'm bullshitting? My money touching the ceiling
Cam buying condos I'm buying the whole buildings
No grown women R.Kelly do it to children
You better get me boy I'll hurt ya feelings
Its over and over I'ma keep on winning
My rolls Royce tinted, ya phantom rented
That's we never ever ever see you in the hood with it
Man everybody know, like everywhere I go
When 50 in club, just go outta control
You can blame it on Em, or blame it on Dre, OK

[Chorus: x2]

Now everybody serenade the new faith of Kendrick Lamar
This is king Kendrick Lamar
King Kendrick and I meant it, my point intended is raw
Fix your lenses forensics would've told you Kendrick had killed it
Pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us
And I mastered being the master at dodging your honor
And the chapter that read at 25 I would live dormant at 5 in the morning
They raid your spot while Kendrick's performing
And if they take everything, know I got

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

(Ay, Dre what's happenin' wit' it my nigga!)

Still I'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic
Still I'm laughing at the critics talking, I can see 'em gagging
When I'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'bach
With a batch of them bangin' Dre Beats with me, look where I'm at
It's the murder cap' and I'm captain at birthin' this gangsta rap
It's a wrap when I'm done and I come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
To a hundred mil' in a day, bitch I'm from

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

So come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman
Won't you spend a weekend on Rosecrans nigga
Khaki creasing, crime increasing on Rosecrans nigga
Kendrick Conan nigga
Where you sword at, hand on the cross and swore that
I do it big as Rasputia for them shooters
Kama Sutra scream fuck your position and make you hold that
I'm trying to stay grounded like four flats
But I know flats and Piru Crip tats

Will swarm on me like a beehive
Hop in the G ride
From the West to the East side
Know that's just how Compton roll

And that's a given
I pass the blunt then pass the torch of course that's my decision
I crash the Porsche then you report that you see me in Benzes
I must report that we import the narcotics you bought it
(Then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business
I blow up every time we throw up a record
Depending on what you expecting, I'm sure it's bigger than your religion
Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in)

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

So tell that gangster throw his set high
Roll it up in a blunt, I'mma take you on the next high
I did exactly what I wanted that's what made them checks fly
In my direction, you never questioned when I said I
Would be a mogul before I visit 2Pac and Left-eye
Eazy and Aaliyah when I see you we gon' test drive
A Lambo in heaven but for now I'm on the redeye
Flying back to my city cuz I'll forever standby

Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine

Now we can all celebrate
We can all harvest the rap artists of NWA
America target our rap market, it's controversy and hate
Harsh realities we in made our music translate
To the coke dealers, the hood rich, and the broke niggas that play
With them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay
Roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottles of rozay
This was brought to you by Dre
Now every motherfucker in here say:
"Look who's responsible for taking Compton international
I make 'em holla"

Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
In the city of Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine

Ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting fo
In this corner, weighing a hundred and seventy five pounds
With a record of seventeen rapes, four hundred assaults, and four murders
The undisputed, most diabolic villain in the world
Slim Shady!

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them
And there's really not that many of us
Ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

OK, let's go

Back with Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Picture us, you'll just be another one bit the dust
Just one of my mothers sons who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick the wonder cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
It's a must I redeem my name and haters get mushed
Bitches lust. Man they love me when I lay in the cut
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut
Now picture us. It's ridiculous you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them
And there's really not that many of us
Ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

They see that low rider go by they're, like Oh my!
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they sick of me
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA
Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again
I'll be dammed, just fucked around and crashed my Benz
Driving around with a smashed front end
Let's cash that one in
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado
The hell if I know
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decisions
Garage looks like Precision Collision
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them
And there's really not that many of us
Ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

And I take great pleasure in introducing, 50 Cent!

It's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
It's what we into it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm the bomb the don I'm King Kong
Get rolled on wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm through Vietnam ring the alarm
Bring the Shaun Dawn burn marijuana do what you want
Nigga on and on till the break of what
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothing
Blow it like its supposed to be blown
Motherfucker I'm grown
I stunt I style I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want so what I trick
Fat ass burgundy bags classy shit Jimmy Choo shoes
I say move a bitch move

So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?
I noticed there's so many of them
And there's really not that many of us
Ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk

A flock of birds
Hovering above
Just a flock of birds
That's how you think of love

And I always
Look up to the sky
Pray before the dawn
'Cause they fly always
Sometimes they arrive
Sometimes they are gone
They fly on

A flock of birds
Hovering above
Into smoke I'm turned
And rise following them up

Still I always
Look up to the sky
Pray before the dawn
'Cause they fly away
One minute they arrive,
Next you know they're gone
They fly on
Fly on

So fly on
Ride through
Maybe one day I'll fly next to you

They fly on
Ride through
Maybe one day I come fly with you
Fly on
Fly on
Fly on

Bad boy baby
Yeah, yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah
Yeah, B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again, c'mon

The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke, gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer, motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace, smack the bitch in the face,
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha?  I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit!  Just the two hits!
Her hittin' the floor, and me hittin' the clits!
Suckin' on the tits!  Had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin' Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man, she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wron

When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin'
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

Ladies and gentlemen

There's several different levels to Devil worshippin' horse's heads,
Human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals havin' sex with 'em, camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a nine in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any fagot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin', red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third,
Then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong

"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin' on
You're dead wrong

Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop

Chiggie check, microphone check one
Chiggie check, microphone check two,
Chiggie check, microphone check three

Check game from the notorious Compton G
Back with some shit that gots to bump
As you pull up in the park you pops the trunk
Just to floss it like a motherfucker, clownin' their shit
Gots the Dana's on your hooptie and your fly ass bitch
Throw off, go off, show off, I take that hoe
If she proper, I'ma pop her the hole hopper
It's back on the track
With big money, big nuts, and a big fat chronic sack
So Daz, step up on the ass
And give these motherfuckers a blast from the past
Diggidy Daz out of the cut with some shit that I wrote
With my nigga D-are-E, so you know I must be dope
But uh, rat-tat-tat-tat that ass
Startin' static with Dre, make way for the AK
That I bring as I slang like cavy
Not from Kris Kross but they call me Mac Daddy
Had he not known about the city I'm from
Long Beach, tic tac, grab your gat, watch your back
Here I come, stompin' in my khaki suit
BG from the hood can fuck Eastwood
God damn, I ripped up, flipped up, and skipped up
On top of things as they swing towards my ding-a-ling
But did you raise up all this nuts?
'Cause Dr. Drizzay's about to rizzip shit up

Chiggie check, microphone check one,
Chiggie check, microphone check two,
Chiggie check, microphone check three

You tuned to the sounds of the D-are-E,
Now check me out, it's back to the old school
Where the niggas get their strap on, don't nobody cap on
Slap on some D-are-E
Or some funky ass shit by the D-O-double G-Y-D-O-double G
Real G's who drop K's, protect these N-you-T, so nigga please
Peep out my manuscript
You'll see that it's a must I drop gangsta shit
Bitch!
So recognize game from the gangsta
Things will remain the same until I change 'em

It's real easy to see,
So you can check sounds from Nate D-O-double G,
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street,
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street,
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street,
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfucking street,
I heard you want to fuck with Dre,
You picked the wrong, motherfucking day

Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow,
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row,
I heard you want to fuck with Dre,
You picked the wrong, motherfucking day,
Here we go, toe to toe, flow for flow,
Let me know if you think you can fade Death Row

I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street,
I can't be faded
I'm a nigga from the motherfuckin street

Tonight's the night I get in some shit (yeah)
Deep Cover on the incognito tip
Killing motherfuckers if I have to, peeling caps too
Cause you niggas know I'm coming at you
I guess that's part of the game; but I feel for the nigga
Who think he just gonna come and change thangs
With the swiftness, so get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigga maxing at the top
(I hope you get his ass 'fore he drop)
Kingpin kicking back while his workers slang his rocks
Coming up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So it's difficult to get him
(But I got the hook up with somebody
Who knows how to get in contact with him)
Hit him like this and like that
Let em know that I'm looking for a big fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so let's rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
On a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck; cause I'm going Deep Cover

Yeah, and you don't stop
(Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop
(Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop)

Creep with me, as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call me Snoop Eastwood
Kicking dust as I bust, fuck peace
And, the motherfuckin punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take yo' ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre (what up Snoop?) Yo, I got the feeling
Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chilling
Killing, feeling, no remorse, yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfucking source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be getting niggas a gang of time
And now they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
.. and make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock (so what's up nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a uzi, and my motherfuckin twenty-two
So if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we struck 'em, so fuck 'em!
("I can feel it!")

Yeah, and you don't stop
(Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop)
Yeah, and you don't stop
(Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop)

Six-fo'-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homey belled in the parking lot
The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up
(Better not be, cause if it is they getting lit up!)
Oh - here they come from the back in they 'llacs
I'm checking for the Gats they strap, so what's up, black?
(Chill, let's hear the deal
If it ain't up to what you feel then grab your steel)
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with?
Hope you ain't wanting none of my grip
Cause you can save that shit (guess what they told me?)
"We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us."
Hmmm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him before I shot it:
"If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah
I'm letting my Gat pop - cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!"

I heard you talking about respect, I gave you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
All you niggas the utmost (the utmost)
Would you look over Picasso's shoulder and tell him about his brush strokes?
Them opinions, I don't trust those
I apologize, the city made a nigga so cut-throat
Every hood love me, but it started on one coast
Coulda stopped in '86 but I knew that you would want more
I'm on the throne in a place some niggas won't go
Don't get it fucked up

Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

Pst, this is about round for them
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific (the Pacific)
Where them sharks at nigga, down in the deep water
Listen, listen, listen
All you niggas swimming in the info
Gonna fuck around and drown in the specifics
Always going overboard, used to be my kinfolk
Now you sleeping with the motherfuckin' fishes
(Swimming with the mothefuckin' fishes, what the business?)
These niggas won't let up until they all wet up
Don't get it fucked up
Naw nigga, now everybody wanna visit
Tryna re-up that prescription (that prescription)
Yup, yeah, re-up
That's my nigga, water colors couldn't even paint the picture
They don't get the picture, fuck them
Yeah, drugs by the dozen
You might just wanna go and check the children
(You might just wanna check your fuckin' children)
I'm the one that got they ear, for many years
I been making parents live in fear
I just wanna make it clear
My influence run deep like the ocean
Don't get it fucked up

Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

Feel's like you're drowning, don't you?
About a hundred miles down in that ocean
It's over, shoulda never jumped in
If you can't swim (if you can't swim, if you can't swim)
Oh my God, where's a life guard when you need one?

Motherfucker know I started from the bottom, vodka baby bottle
Mixin' up with Similac, my momma knew I had a problem
Wasn't thinking about no rapping, I was drinking for a dollar
Putting quarter pieces in the black Caprice and make it holla
No releasing me, I got the beast in me
I gotta holla, keep the decency and make them TNT my product
I'm a C-O-M-P-T-O-innovator, energizer
Inner-city bullet fly 'til that bitch on auto pilot (Shit)
I don't give a fuck about your whereabouts
All I care about is wearing out your area
And airing out your upper body
When I catch ya, walking out your parents house
(Don't get it fucked up)
Probably got fucked up tryna park his tour bus
Not knowing what's what
Or who's who, living in the L.A county zoo
Pick them off like a big dog, motherfucker, woof
Once upon a time, I shot a nigga on accident (boom, boom, boom)
I tried to kill him but I guess I needed more practicing (boom, boom, boom)
That's when I realized, banging wasn't for everybody
Switch it up before my enemy or the sheriff got me
They liable to bury him, they nominated six to carry him
They worry him to death, but he's no vegetarian
The beef is on his breath, inheriting the drama better than
A great white, nigga this is life in my aquarium
(Don't get it fucked up)

Been away from home
Been away from home
All night long
(All they wanna know is
Where you from? Where you from?
Where you from nigga, huh?
Compton)

This is about where I'm from
I think it's time to take these niggas to the deep water
Yeah, down in the Pacific
Where them sharks at
Nigga, down in the deep water

We'd like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggas know who I am y'all niggas tearing up shit
But we got something old, and something new for y'all tonight
Put your hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearing motherfuckers trying to steal my flow
But it ain't no thing cause see my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I step through the do'
Ya know, some of these niggas is so deceptive
Using my styles like a contraceptive
I hope ya get burnt, it seems ya haven't learnt
It's the nick nack patty wack, I still got the bigger sack
So put your gun away, run away, 'cause I'm back (why?)
Hit em up, get em up, spit em up, now
Tell me what's going on
It make me want to holler, 'cause my dollars come in ozones
Lone for the break-up, so take off your clothes
And quit trying to spit at my motherfucking hoes
Seaking of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb 'cause I rolled you a joint
You'se a flea and I'm the big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfucking paws
Y'alls, niggas, better recognize
And see where I'm coming from it's still East Side till I die
Why ask why?  As the world keeps spinning to the D-O-Double-G-why
 
[Chorus]
It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World

[Kurupt]
Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten 
See my homey Snoop Doggy sipping juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm fo' to set trip, to get papers
Styles vary, packing flavor like Life Savors
Ain't that something, talk shit and I'm dumping
I had your whole fucking block bumping
Don't sweat, but check the technique, I'm unique like China
Ya never find the bomb-a-rama then this Nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm coming through
One-two, three, you can't see me
I'm a G like that strapped with hit hard tactics
A fucking menace, using hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and popping
All I see is green, so there ain't no stopping
I want to see some panties dropping
I'm coming from L.A., she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that hoe
 Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I'm dishing out blues, I'm upsetting like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name's often marked for catching slugs
And I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it's unexplanitory how I gets wicked
But it's mandatory that I kick it
Check it, I'm runnin hoes in 94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be sticking and moving
Prepare for a war, it's on, I'm head hunting
Hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep, the massacre from a verbal assassin
Murdering with rhymes packing Tec-9's for some action
You really don't know, do you, you fucking with a hog
You can't do me, I'm going out looney like O-Dog

[Chorus]

[Daz]
Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (all night long)
Tell when (till the early morn)
It don't stop (and uh) it don't quit (for the)
The Dogg Pound clique (to drop the cavvy Dogg shit)

Diggity Daz out of the motherfucking cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip flop and serve hoes with a fat dick
Till I die I'm still screaming that (bitches ain't shit)
Now I'm the mack daddy, had he, not known about 
The city where I'm from, dumb diddy dumb
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-Double-G the P-O-you-N-D, the gangsta clique
Now as the Pound break it down with the gangsta funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic, so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic till the day that I die

[Chorus]

I'm in this mothafucker doing what I wanna
Ten bottles, teb bitches, go with my persona
Pull up in that Enzo then I do donuts
I'm that cool, cashews, make 'em all go nuts
(Baby got ass, I need me a shot of that
Lil mama get gangsta for me, stuff it in your Prada bag)
That's right, she's got something that I wanna see
That's right, so if she leave, she fucking with me
That's life, twerk something, work something, hurt something
She wanna check, check this shit out like a verse coming
They rip their neck and run their mouth when they heard something
Dre dropped another one and fucked around and murdered something
Club filled with dead bodies
If not then you a zombie, I'm not gonna feel sorry
You pass out from it, get drunk, get blunted
Do what you wanna do, drug test on you

Lotta money when I talk
Big mills, big deals 'bout a hundred in a vault
Sit still, that real, lotta haters throw salt
They lost big Game give a fuck how you feel
I fear she just might just pop that pill
And feel on me all night till the tip spill
Tip scales with her waistline, sex with the bass line
She gon' fuck a snare drum one drink at a time

Blow right, hoes fight over my name
I got my dough right, hustle running all in my veins
It's forty days, forty nights if I'm making it rain
I reign supreme, a bottle and some bomb-ass weed and we good

If you got drugs in this motherfucker
Let me see your hands in the air
Narcotics in the club and the ladies love us
So let's get high off something
High of something, high of something
'til your mothafucking brain don't function
High of something, high of something

Fireworks when I spark, yellow tape
Lotta chalk thought you said you a boss
Big deal, bitch chill, pulling out that black card
Showin' off big spendin', letting alcohol spill
I feel she might just get too faded
X-rated that's what I like glad that you made it
To this ceremony at hand, take a sip lets plan
For the future, introduce you to Snoop get you right and

May I, kick a little something for G's and
Make a few ends as I breeze through?
The shit on my hip is a fucking preview
And guess what it lead to

If you got drugs in this motherfucker
Let me see your hands in the air
Narcotics in the club and the ladies love us
So let's get high off something
High of something, high of something
'til your mothafucking brain don't function
High of something, high of something

Yeah DJ Khalil lets go

Aww they say uhh
A black man is a pimp
Well let me tell you the biggest pimp
On planet motherfuckin' Earth, is her momma
It's her momma that told her,
"Get a man that got a good job girl,
Make sure he got a good car girl,
Make sure he can take you out and buy you somethin' girl"
What happened to just fallin' in love with a nigga with a bus pass
Just 'cause you loved a nigga
But I'm the pimp motherfucker
I gotta be the player

Biggest hoes, on planet Earth
Are walkin' through the motherfuckin' neighborhood
You knew when you got with the nigga he already had a woman
You knew he already had a family
But you fucked him anyway
And then when you thought you gon' lose the nigga
You went and got pregnant, didn't you bitch, didn't you?
The ol' 'keep a nigga baby'
And then when the nigga ain't around, what do you tell the child?
"Aww that nigga ain't shit, that's why yo' daddy ain't here, 'cause that nigga ain't shit"
How 'bout being a woman, and tellin' the kid the truth
That yo' momma, you was a hoe
Tell the kid
Momma was a hoe, I was weekend pussy
I had you to keep the nigga, it didn't work out
That's why he ain't here, but he a good nigga
'Cause he take care of his real family
I was just a dumb bitch, tryin' to keep, a nigga that I wanted

Shady!
Aftermath
Ha ha, g-g-g-g, G-Unit!
Ha ha! (Ha ha)

Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front we'll come through the side
Cause I don't want to ever leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

Get your ass up for the Doctor, one more time
Get your ass up for the Doctor, c'mon now!
Here we go, cliffhanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat, get on down
Time's up, game's over, you lose, I win
Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means you somethin' that we already had
But once you're gone you don't come back
Too bad, you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen you'll learn if you pay attention
Why I send multi-platinum albums, later three diamond
Worldwide, we on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin'

Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front we'll come through the side
Cause I don't want to ever leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk!
Get it crunk (crunk, crunk, crunk)
And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and
Jump (jump, jump, jump)
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you artists censored
I don't gotta promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin' off the hinges
We ain't showin' off, we're just goin' off, popular contentions
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk, Doc is all
Washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin'
Doctor's this, Doctor's that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cause Doc left you all guessin'
So D-J take the needle and just drop it on the record, what?
We goin' have this motherfucker hoppin in a second (pump pump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
'Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers whom if it
Wasn't for rap to bridge the gap maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages, broke down barriers
Of language and races, just call on the caped crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic and we can play the
Back and forth all day like the hot potato game that's why we came to

Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front we'll come through the side
Cause I don't want to ever leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

50 Cent, c'mon!

Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump, everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved
And plenty hunnies involved, the sunny Sundays and palm trees
Cali, every day is just another party from the valleys
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You can catch me in the studio, bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker
So never say never cause Shady, Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records, presents the return of
The, The Doc (and Shady) no one can do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that uh

Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front we'll come through the side
Cause I don't want to ever leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

Yeah! Ha ha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry bout that "Detox" album, it's comin'
We goin' make Dre do it (ha ha)
50 Cent, G-Unit
Obie Trice, D-Twizy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre, we ain't leavin'
Let's go!  Ha ha
Ladies and gentlemen
Thank you all for comin' out
Peace!

Oh shit, I almost forgot, you're comin' with me!

Bye bye!

Wait
Its you
And at the end of it all its you
And at the end
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

Lookin' for how I see her
When I finally realized couldn't believe it
I couldn't, even swallow
Had a lump in my throat my stomach hollow
I had a notion that things were fishy
But everything was fine so I'd be pissy
But when you wasn't seeing me nights you get in
That's when the snoopin' and shit it would begin
Where you at?
Where you going?
That's what I get when I pick up the phone
Not a hello or I miss you
Or the renaissance how does it do?
Suspicious ones go few
Can stress out your brain
In weighs on your mane
And helps you peep game I thought it was me
But then I could it see

It was you
Its you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
It was you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

I couldn't take it
But the spell of love
I couldn't shake it
Even though I would discover
That there was somebody else
It was your lover
You gave me up
And managed to turn the tables
And all your honest words they turn to fables
The things that you would accuse me of
It seem were the things you were doin' love
Get it? these things you projected
And I don't want to be affected
But when you get in love
Its never easy love
To make decisions of
You've defected
You were doin' so much to try to pin me
Goin' through all my stuff but it was empty
Answers, that I'm seekin'
Well it seem I'm gettin' close
That I'm reachin'
And I was thinkin' I had no reason
Callin' you a culprit it was treason
And the twinkle in your eye
It was kinda not for love
And tell me why?
We'll make a mends if you admit it
We can ascend if your committed
Your heart, is it in it?
If it goes for many days
Sweet love can decay from you

Its you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
It was you
At the end of it all it was you
And the end
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

Yeah, hell yeah, know what I'm sayin, yeah

Mista Busta, where the fuck you at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know ya got your gat
Your dick on hard, from fuckin' your road dogs
The hood you threw up with, niggaz you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor, to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homey, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out yo mouth
Make you bow down to the row
Fuckin' me, now I'm fuckin' you, little ho
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah it's me so I'ma talk on
Stompin' on the 'Eazy'est streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back 'cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud, and stay low-key
B.G. 'cause you lost all your homey's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked wit me, now it's a must that I fuck wit you

Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin' about
We have your motherfuckin' record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You know what I'm sayin, punk motherfucker

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin' house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin' house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play, with my bone would ya Timmy
It seems like you're good for makin' jokes about your jimmy
But here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was the 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, I'm talkin' about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud, but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin' were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg oh is he crazy?
With ya mama and your daddy hollin' Bay-Bee
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre nigga you're fuckin' wit Death Row
And I ain't even slangin' them thangs
I'm hollin' one-eight-seven with my dick in yo mouth, beotch

Yeah nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit get yo motherfuckin' cranium cracked nigga
Step on up. Now, we ain't no motherfuckin joke so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R. Yeahhh, motherfucker!

Now understand this my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bendin over, so Luke's gettin' fucked, busta
Musta, thought I was sleazy
Or though I was a mark 'cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity, made ya speak but ya spoke
Ay yo Dre, whattup, check this nigga off loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots ta fuck with
Gap teeth in ya mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on ya tonsils
While ya onstage rappin' at your wack-ass concerts
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
To show you how Death Row pull off that whoride
Now you might not understand me
'Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gon creep to South Central
On a Street Knowledge mission, as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryin' to check my homey, you better check yo self
'Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, motherfucker

Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre, droppin' chronic once again
It don't stop, punishing punk motherfuckers real quick like
Compton style nigga
Doggy Dogg in the motherfuckin' house
Long Beach in the motherfuckin' house
Straight up, really doe
Breakin' all you suckaz off somethin' real proper like
You know what I'm sayin?
All these sucka ass niggaz can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E Eazy-E Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke, can eat a fat dick
Yeah

[Bilal]
Hey, living in the fast lane
Driving fast 'broads'
With them fast 'chains'
When you pimping through life
See some people get caught up
And some charges brought up
With some people they shoot up
Hey, there it goes again
Different face to the same old tragic end
Who's to blame if he never saw it coming
Yet he heard the bullet humming
And he never though of running
It's too late for him now laying out on the ground so cold, so cold
Nothing much to live up to, damn
It's so far gone, so gone

Living in the fast lane
Driving fast broads
With you fast chains
When you pimping through life
See some people got caught up
With some charges brought up
From some people they shoot up
Hey.. tell me when will it end
When the baby pays for its mothers sinning
Trapped inside the four walls of a 'penty'
Way too strong, way too strong
Now she's out in the cold, dying slow and the spoon still warm

[Jadakiss]
It started when they birthed me
Running round stuck in the project now he can't wait to the first come
Little older now and can't wait till the dope come
Sleep all these years and nobody awoke him
Getting it so he can cover the whole border
Question is how many of us can hold water
It seemed like telling is in 
Signed states get an order of protection and tell him again
I'm a left lane
My life is much faster than yours
I'm with a chick and its attached to a brawl
Got the air ones matching the car
All white, slinging all night
So we rapidly spar
That's what they want to clap at me for
Understand that the flow is like the coke that he naturally grows
So I'ma get my cash on, and my mash on
And get my ass up out of the fast lane

[Bilal]
Living in the fast lane
Driving fast broads
With you fast chains
When you pimping through life
Got caught up
And some charges brought up
From some people you shoot up

A tale of two cities. Right here

It's time we set it straight, connect with Dre the correct way
Predicting platnum in less then a day
So for that we toast amongst us while y'all lackin' hope
All I do is write raps, stack, relax and smoke
Seeing my dreams come true stayin' humble in the eyes of others
Politician with the wisest brothers
It's Nature one of the greatest peep how I play this
Straight from the Bridge one of your kids favorites
From now 'till the day that I'm stiff, fowl flagerant pay the rent
Always stay swift, stuck in my ways type shovanistic
Since a youth I had a thing for big jewels
Flooded rings and older bitches, holding my riches
In lump sums for trust funds fully recoved thugs lust to bust guns
While niggas get drunk beat wifes and cuss sons
A slow process called life, let's show progress

Don Cortes, white rags cherry bently
Cop shines from Italy speak money language fluently
Never fuck with the nastiest flashiest
Bought a house as big as Scarface to show my happiness
Rackin' the 6 0's for those that want to get personal to home
Cock the heavy metal rollin' with my stones
Prominent with flashy garments, spread a mill small bills
Bring a smile to an ice grill
Popular, loved throughout the industry
If they sue light a philly cause the judge has gotta Free Willy
Salute with chill Remy gently escort four ladies an arm
The four caesars at the club Pentleys condo sweets I'm fancy
20 floors up overlookin' ladies boomerang they panties
Bump the Firm Family's latest takin' trips to Las Dregas
That's how we do it Aftermath incorporated

C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon it's the motherfuckin' Firm Family ooh
Yeah, I better pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming
Ooh cause the way you make me feel I feel like ooh screaming

I spit rhymes for the radio and spit for tours
Spend doe that I never thought I'd hold before
Now if you just wanna front, you know my styles tight
Niggas never should of plugged up the motherfuckin' mic
Sippin' Tangeray 60 inch screen when we hang with Dre
I just flew in from Queens no bag and plan to stay
In the heat park this Royals Royce up in the beat
Seeing topless bitches rollerblading in the street

While I lounge in a jacuzzi sky cliff blue got the whole crew
Nas, AZ, Nature, Foxy there too, how we do?
Hit trees Cristal bottles, breeze tropical spread love till we wobble
It's time to give let the kids live comfortable
Anybody pumpin' between the East and West: fuck you
Make moves political hit this revenue
Set examples respect every individual

C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon it's the motherfuckin' Firm Family ooh
Yeah, I better pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming
Ooh cause the way you make me feel I feel like ooh screaming

For the love of money

It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne

Say what's up to the broke nigga at the rich party
Who the fuck let this nigga in?
Do I look like I give a fuck? Sorry
Looking at these hoes and they gold digger gorgeous tryna get me
I run game on a bitch, one Mississippi two Mississippi
Flint nigga in the spot til they pop one and the cops come like (woo!)
Motherfuckers own a shotgun like a pop gun and they ready like yeah
Still a good nigga I'm a Northside nigga til I'm gone
Do it for the ones in the hood like Connor gon' put the city on
Fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit go
Live for my hood, look this for my block
Ride for the hood, gotta spit it like Pac
I ain't got shit but I still feel good
Nigga can't take what a nigga don't got
Go hard in the paint, you can tell em post up
Homie in the hood like "let me hold something"
Your mans in the hood talking all that shit
When they ran up on him lil buddy froze up
All they be talkin' but ain't saying nothing
Niggas be talking that ain't what they want
Ain't no fake shit around here
Cause my nigga my city is really as real as the fuck
I be killing this and not giving a fuck
You laugh at a bitch, she get hid in the trunk
You think this sound crazy, that's how I grew up
So this for my people who still in the cut

Want that, need that
Root of all evil mayne, (get it, get it)
I said I want that, need that
The root of all evil, mayne

Said what's up to the nigga wearing all black at the white party
And I'm looking like I don't give a fuck
That's how I get down nigga sorry
And I'm looking like I don't play no games, nah, nigga don't try me
Been that nigga that's been spitting that
Paid dues like a motherfucking hobby
If you're on that bullshit nigga better fly that shit right by me
Came from the bottom of this bitch and made it out of that shit
And that's why we on top of this motherfucking world
Damn, look at that body
She come along with the territories
Turn around, move it for me, bend it over, end of story
(Seems like chasing paper's what's important to you)
Got a relationship with that money
(But that bitch will never be faithful to you)
Even though I know she knows she crazy
(Please just let it go, seize, no saving you)
Ride, ride
Til the motherfucking wheels fall off in this bitch
(But we can do it for the love)
But I'm never stopping my poppin'
(These numbers don't lie, but your love is superficial
It's the simple shit you need to pay attention to)

Want that, need that
Root of all evil, mayne
I said I want that, need that
Root of all evil, mayne

It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne
It's beautiful outside
Looks like it's raining money, mayne

Want that, need that
Root of all evil mayne, get it, get it
I said I want that, need that
Root of all evil mayne

Y'all know me, still the same O.G. but I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks to add to the wall
Full of plaques, hanging up in the office in back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'mma let my dough freeze, ho please
You better bow down on both knees, who you think taught you to smoke trees
Who you think brought you the oldies
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes, and D.O.C's
The Snoop D-O-double-G's
And the group that said motherfuck the police
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doing too good
Who's the Doctor they told you to go see
Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I turned pop
Or The Firm flopped, y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been getting no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all, if y'all don't like me, blow me
Y'all are gonna keep fucking around with me and turn me back to the old me

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

So what do you say to somebody you hate
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way
Then just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walking by
With a Walkman on
When I caught a guy
Give me an awkward eye
And I strangled him up in the parking lot
With his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hopping out with two broken legs
Trying to walk it off
Fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'mma kill you and them loud-ass motherfucking barking dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out
From here on out it's the Chronic II
Starting today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Slim Shady, hotter then a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Calling men ladies, sorry, Doc, but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me, it's okay, go with him Hailie

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

If it was up to me, you motherfuckers would stop coming up to me
With your hands out looking up to me, like you want something free
When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumping me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me
'Cause I'm from the streets of Compton
I told 'em all, all them little gangstas
Who you think helped mold 'em all
Now you wanna run around talking bout guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all, cause I stay well off
Now all I get is hate mail all day saying Dre fell off
What cause I been in the lab with a pen and a pad
Tryin' to get this damn label off
I ain't havin' that, this is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gonna be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats
Know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddling a Cabbage Patch

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say
But nothing comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

Listen as he executes the funky flute 
He can play it at a noise so watch him blow it 
While I be speakin' deep down in your eardrums 
How do you like it? So yo won't'cha just come 
Closer so you can see who's playin' that funky sound 
That's goin' down and ya sayin' that 
Jimmy Z is the one you like to see 
On the F L you T E yeah 

You want to blow it baby? (Yeah) 
You like to blow it don't cha? (Yeah) 
Can you take a deep breath? (Yeah) 
Heh, is that right? 

The funky funky flute is just what Jimmy gave ya 
But witta hip-hop flavor 
On ya radio, stereo and your compact 
I'm only makin' sure you remember that 
It's the man that they call Jimmy Z gettin' ya hyper 
So just call him the Pied Piper 
So I know you want to see Jimmy Z 
On the F-L-you-T-E, yeah 

[Chorus]
All I want to do is 
Play my funky flute for you 
(Yeah blow, blow yeah) 
All I want to do is 
Play my funky flute for you 
(California musical madness) 

Come with me (Okay) 
Yeah, ah, follow me 
Funky, you want to come with me? (Yeah) 
Play that funky flute 

[Chorus]

You want to blow it or what? (Yeah) 
You like to blow it don't cha? (Yeah) 
Can you take a deep breath? (Yeah) 
Yeah, yeah, aha yeah 

Listen as he executes the funky flute 
He can play it at a noise so watch him blow it 
While I be speakin' deep down in your eardrums 
How do you like it? So yo won't'cha just come 
Closer so you can see who's playin' that funky sound 
That's goin' down and ya sayin' that 
Jimmy Z is the one you like to see 
On the F L you T E yeah 

[Chorus]

Uh, I messed up 
It's aight, man, go on and blow! 

Watch it asshole!!! 
Damn, where is she? Shoulda been here by now! 
Damn! (Ai, Jimmy man, what's happenin'?) 
Alright man, how ya doin'?

Man, what's up with these niggas out here
Mad at us cause we on top
I love to see niggas gettin' money
Better get it while the gettin' is good
Get it while you can, man
And stop hatin' me, fuckin' with my shit cause I got more hustle than you
Get yours, get yours baby

I'm seeing millions, niggas don't understand
Know what? I'm makin' moves, puttin' cash behind plans
To blow up, will he style like this
Everyday I parlay, sip Henne and Tanqueray
Stay in the mix like Alezay
V.I.P., my shit parked valet
On the prowl again to get hunnies familiar with the smile again
Some try to assault Dre, its still cavi
I'm eatin' steak while they struggle to break the slave mentality
I givin' livin' definition long as my hearts tickin'
I fought and made the world listen
Whatever fly Dr. Dre invented
Turn on the box and let my son watch these studio clowns on 60 inches
I push a rover, shit platinum before the sessions over
Rap master with the Houston heat holder
These players best to get they shit in check
Cause when I get my hustle on ain't no playin' with a full deck

[Chorus: x2]
Lord please, murder my enemies (Yeah)
Burn em at a thousand degrees
And lord please let me make mo cheese
Cause I ain't quite ready to leave (No)

Buck the whole world
Meant that, gotta stay strapped
Cause 99.9 a niggas, carry they gats
Super fist fightin' shit might come down to dyin'
When the time comes down for the tryin' I got nine
Reasons why niggas shouldn't step in my face
With the nonsense, cause I'm always heated and you can taste this
Audi little something out the seams a my trousers
With no hesitation I got a team to come clown ya
I down ya, so let your people know what they face
With the type of individual that'll bomb a sub-station
Kaboom! and everybody dies outside
There ain't no escapin' the Reaper so don't try
Go ahead, close ya eyes, who the next to step?
Face down, hit, bleedin' on the steps a death
Check yo self, you just been invaded by true soldiers
December 31st, 96 (the game is over)

[Chorus]

(I've got all my life to live, plus with all my love to give)

Smokin' weed I never trail, I lead
Spendin' dough, tripped the cost of a ride like it was pocket money, Gs
But these are the things real players do
Talkin' shit is real things that the haters do
I'm namin' you
Shit's thick, its time to run for shelter
I kept the word, things could happen to marks like it was helter skelter
Dear diary, I'm runnin' outta pages
Fadin', in and out, takin' purple hazes
The dazes, Revelations in the last stages
Red sky's institute, the silent horns playin
I'm prayin' with tears in my eyes
Cause I'm tryin' to make it into eternal peace without dyin'
But they eyein' my bank account with beams on my rover
The killa failed to launch his attack (the game is over)

[Chorus]

[Chorus]
Leave my heart to the ghetto, 
Rubber bands stuffed all in up, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Get money (get money), that's the motto, 
Hustle all day then we do the shit tomorrow, 
I'm in the ghetto (ghetto), I'm in the ghetto (ghetto)
Gotta get it (gotta get it) that's the motto, 
Live for today you might never see tomorrow, 
I'm in the ghetto (ghetto), I'm in the ghetto (ghetto)

See I went straight to the pros who done done it like me, 
Breakup the flow now they holla "he a beast", 
From the city where there's killers and dealas and street beef, 
And them crackers on the corner every avenue and place, 
And my homies servin' hard cause they livin by the day, 
See I do it for my family and hustled by the way, 
Now I'm back up on the block ya see I'm cooler than them others, 
Certified colored sneakers, keep a fitted for the club, 
When I step out on the scene all them hoes be showin' love, 
They know that I'm the dude that be ringin' through the block, 
Ace, ace, ace, ace, yeah fool heard it rite, 
I done been down to the bottom now I'm bound to see the top, my hood.

[Chorus: x2]

You gotta love ya hood, 
You need to love your projects, 
Hey get me, get me.

I got 'em, a couple triple beams, 
About an ounce of bakin soda, 
I got that revenue thats hittin' colda than Sammie Sosa, 
Ya see growin' up I seen a lot a things I weren't supposed, 
So growin' up I lost a lot a people that were closer, 
That's why I stay up on my grind and only roll with soldiers, 
I hit the block and serve em everything away from soda, 
Don't fuck with out the soda, 
Sellin' coke with out the cola, 
My clientele is strictly rock you can tell it by the odor, 
I keep that nino with the mac hid underneath the sofa, 
So if you ridin' slngin' tricks I suggest a coma, 
Them pussy niggas want me dead so I suggest and dopa.

[Chorus: x2]

You gotta love ya hood, 
You need to love your projects, 
Hey get me, get me.

Yeah I wake up in the ghetto tryin' dream a couple mill, 
I'm forced to get, momma shootin' up and poppin' pills,
Daddy on the porch with no remorse he sittin' still, 
This be the city that never pity they would rather kill, 
I wipe my eyes and check my clientele who by yourself, 
I grab the pots and bakin' soda yeah that odor smell, 
Dis be the hood I got connections like a phone cable, 
So watch where you work cause a mistake can be fatal, 
Cause crakers searchin' for that person tho I'm under table, 
Can't find no witness, fuck them snitches, 
That get snitches popped, another day just talkin' on the block, 
With a million on my glock, and a half off in my sock.

[Chorus: x2]

You gotta love ya hood, 
You need to love your projects, 
Hey get me, get me.

Heah hah hah!  
I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggaz got this ass motherfuckin up
Aiy baby, aiy baby... aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga

With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's (yeah)
and, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
beeeitch, I'm just

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin, I'm still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be
 
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going,
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play
(Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this)

Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade

Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

Fuck that!  Do that shit!  Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit?  Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?  Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!)
Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude)

(It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute)
(Mm, I don't know!)
(Look baby)
(Damn!)
(Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?)
(Well OK)

Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. (Give me a kiss!)
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play (Shit!)
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?  (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kid")
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man.
(What the fuck!)
(Grady!)

Alright calm down, relax, start breathin'
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitches head off!
Wait!  What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell?  Landed on his dick?)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay!  Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
What you say?  (What's wrong?
Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'm a kill you motherfucker!
Uh-ah!  Temper temper!

Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that, aw fuck it
What am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?

I want you, to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch I want the fans jumping
I want the fists, pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, ladies won't ya fill your cups
Shady's come to fill ya up, are you a D or a C cup?
You could even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E
You'll be in the E.R., we are strapped with so much TNT
We may blow, no not even CPR from the EMT's
Could help you to resuscitate, you busters must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard, what's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
{*chka-chk-chk*} What's my name? Shady came and just crushed the game
It's really not even fair to them, cause they pale in comparison
So much they might as well wear his skin
Don't you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit's getting embarrassing
The fog is thick and the air is thin
Cause he won't even let them try to breathe
La-didi-da-da-da-didi
He makes it look so easy, girl you just hit the lottery

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

This is when shit hits the fan, like it just splattered on Stan
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolling with Mathers
Like chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say at once, this song's like a seance, it hums
(It makes them stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance)
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off for what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smoking something
You think I ain't smoking nothing, stay off my nuts
Now hit the flo' baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose, loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah girl shake that caboose, I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D-R-E is on the loose, a mongoose when it comes to the chronic use
You know I can't stand to lose, me and my goons are like animals
We come through like a pack of wolves, and we came here to retract the roof
Yeah man ain't that the truth, girl your man's back in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch, and this is when all hell breaks loose

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

Now I know you're feeling discouraged but homie just mark my words
I'm mur-ur-during the flow, liquid courage I'm fin' to blow
As soon as we hit the do' power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit yo' ho
With speakers knocking it's 3 o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
"E" and hop out the vehicle and knock on your do'

Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffing for nothing, we'll knock the stuffing out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it freak, move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick
Right there that'll be pretty damn stupid of me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hating on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat, "Dre fell off", that's news to me

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose
Try to restrain us you can't contain us, we're still gonna make a stink
No matter what, we, do
Everywhere we go it seems we're looking for any excuse
To just, cut, loose
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell, breaks, loose

Look at these Niggas With Attitudes {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? (Hello)

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

The motherfuckin world is a ghetto
Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal
When the smoke settle
I'm just lookin' for a big yellow
In six inch stilletos
Dr. Dre {Hello} perculatin' keep em waitin
While you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin'
Hopin' that we penetratin, you gets natin'
Cause I never been to Satan, for hardcore administratin'
Gangbang affiliatin, MC Ren'll have you
Wildin' off a zone and a whole half a gallon
{Get to dialin} 9 1 1 emergency
{And you can tell em} It's my son he's hurtin me
{And he's a felon} On parole for robbery
Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin' a G
I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada
Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla
Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar
The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible
Beg a ho, let it go, dick ain't edible
Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
While you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts

Look at these Niggas With Attitudes {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get?

Villain blows up yo' spot
Take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' Glock
This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
You slapped her ass that's alarmin
Cause she want my Worm like Carmen
We chin check niggas, them thin check niggas
Run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggas
Scarin motherfuckers like Steven King flicks
Makin' niggas clear the room like a dyke fleein' dick
Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik
So when I bomb first nigga who you rollin with?
Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch
Cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle
Watch niggas kiss my ass without flexin a muscle
Bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle
Same time same channel don't change the dial
Niggaz4Life, fuckin your wife, these niggas wild {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the muh'fuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

Did I fall off? Got you in your room
Rippin every "Chronic" poster on your wall off
Just cause I put away the sawed off
Now I got you sittin back with a smirk
Listenin with your arms crossed
Questionin Dre's credibility {What?}
Wondering if it's still in me to produce hits
Y'all be killin me
As if I need to make mo' I got a mansion
And six cars that are paid fo' suck my dick! {Hello}
We came a long way from not givin a fuck
Sellin tapes out of a trunk to movin this far up
Now we got the whole world starstruck
Made a million plus and still don't give a motherfuck
Motherfucker I'm Dre - I don't need your respect
I don't need to make another album bitch I don't gotta do shit
I do it because I want to not to stay in the game
Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin the same, lil' bitch! {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello}

Look at these Niggas With Attitudes {Hello}

Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes

Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get? Hello

The motherfuckin' world is a ghetto
Full of magazines, full clips and heavy metal
When the smoke settle, I'm just lookin'
For a big yellow in six inch stilettos

Dr. Dre, hello, percolatin', keep em waitin'
While you sittin' here hatin', yo bitch is hyperventilatin'
Hopin' that we penetratin', you gets natin'
'Cause I never been to Satan for hardcore administratin'

Gang bang affiliatin', MC Ren'll have you wildin' off a zone
And a whole half a gallon, get to dialin', 911 emergency
And you can tell 'em, it's my son he's hurtin' me
And he's a felon on parole for robbery

Ain't no coppin' a plea, ain't no stoppin' a G
I'm in the 6, you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily, I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada, pop a collar
Drop a dollar, if you hear me you can holla

Even rottweilers follow the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar
The incredible, heterosexual, 'credible, beg a hoe
Let it go, dick ain't edible, nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
While you hand picked motherfuckers givin' up transcripts

Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?

Villain blows up yo spot, take yo notebook, yo bitch and yo glock
This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
You slapped her ass, that's alarmin'
'Cause she want my worm like Carmen

We chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz
Run trains on gold diggers, beware these foe niggaz
Scarin' motherfuckers like Stephen King flicks
Makin' niggaz clear the room like a dyke flee a dick

Makin' 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik
So when I bomb first, nigga who you rollin' with?
Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo fine ass bitch
'Cause you could lose it in a tussle, nigga watch me hustle

Watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin' a muscle
Bitches, all in the back, they knees waitin' to buckle
Same time, same channel, don't change the dial
Niggaz4Life, fuckin' your wife, these niggaz wild

Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get? Hello

Did I fall off? Got you in your room
Rippin' every Chronic poster on your wall off
Just 'cause I put away the sawed off
Now I got you sittin' back with a smirk
Listenin' with your arms crossed

Questionin' Dre's credibility, what?
Wonderin' if it's still in me to produce hits
Y'all be killin' me as if I need to make more, I got a mansion
And six cars that are paid for, suck my dick, hello

We came a long way from not givin' a fuck
Sellin' tapes out of a trunk to movin' this far up
Now we got the whole world starstruck
Made a million plus and still don't give a motherfuck

Motherfucker, I'm Dre, I don't need your respect
I don't need to make another album, bitch I don't gotta do shit
I do it because I want to not to stay in the game
Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin' the same, lil' bitch

Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
Hello, I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get? Hello

Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes, hello
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes

Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes
Look at these niggaz with attitudes

Yo yo what sup?
Yo man, give me some of that ol' gangsta ass shit, ya know what I'm saying?
Some shit I can just kick back , smoke a fat ass joint to
You know what I'm saying?
Hell yeah! You know what I'm talking about?
I like that ol' gangsta shit
'Cause you know it's a lot of niggas out there
Woofing all that bullshit talking 'bout they got this and got that
Talking louder than a motherfucker but ain't saying shit
Ya know what I'm saying?
(Dem come with a, them come with a, them come with the wickedness)
Yeah nigga I see your lips quivering
But you ain't saying a motherfucking thing
For my niggas, I got my niggas in the motherfucking house
And they gon' tell yo' what's really going on
Got my motherfucking nigga RBX, definitely in this motherfucker
I got my nigga Daz in this motherfucker ready to kick some real shit
Ya know what I'm saying?
And that lil' shit ya hear in the background, that's my home girl Rage
So RBX kick this shit

Seven execution style murders
I have no remorse cause I'm the fucking murderer
Haven't you ever heard of a killer?
I drop bombs like Hiroshima
So now I walk around strapped
One-time bust they caps and watch niggas collapse
Snap! Adapt to this but you need no adapter
This is just the first chapter
In a book from a crook
You get caught slipping yo' ass gots to die
Nigga, tell me what the fuck you figure?
Trigger? Happy RBX to cap ya
Pop pop and I can't wait to bust a pound
Pop pop my hollow points smacks the clown
'Cause what I said split his head
And now they got me running from the feds
But I refuse to go alive
It's kill or be killed, that's how real niggas survive
I'm high powered!

Yeah!
It's Daz that mass-murdering motherfucker
So what you feel like you wanna get caught up?
Fool you better recognize
Death Row came to chastise
So if you cross the Row
Remember the first name is Death
No love for the other side

Damn, Hollywood, land of how you do's
Movie stars, take two's, lights, camera
Where's my leadin' lady?

Out here in Hollywood you see so many games
Characters with so many names and faces
Counterfeit to the core, the bullshit they believe

I get a migraine tryin' to decipher who's who
When the life of the trife [Incomprehensible]
Who can you believe?
May be my folks Craine and Dean

What you wearin', how many carats?
What you drivin', don't worry about what I'm in
What you makin', nigga, what's the price on you?
Look at your chain, call that ice, homie?

You ain't gangsta, my clothes ain't tight on me
You where nut huggers and drink Christian Brothers with fake ID
A fraud ain't shit to me, a skinny broad is a bitch to me
Get a little fame and change up, fake gangsta

Hollywood made up bitch niggas, straight up
And them black born and stuck, fucked
It's hard to breathe with no love, no freight touch
I make hits daily, need a few? I got 'em

I coulda loaned you one or two
But Aftermath bought 'em, ironic ain't it?
I'm the CEO, judge, jury and the plaintiff
Sayin' fuck

Hollywood
Who are you, what you'll say you'll do
And why you let them get the best of you?

Hollywood
I know you call it V.I.P.
But let me tell you what it means to me
It's Hollywood

Somebody tossed you some game
With some fame and you burned your back
Motherfucker, how lame is that
Even arranged for you pains to exist and beyond the map

Oh high as a diddy ass bugie niggas, actin' like video bitches
You ain't pimpin', you switchin' and Hollywierd livin', bullshittin'
Got no time for time for that
Cut, print, check the gate, that's a wrap

And if one more rude Hollywood bugie bitch steps to me
High steppin' like she better than me
I'ma put it to her direct one and correctly, like this

See, if you knows when too damn hard to see
That a real girl cut bitches all the way to [Incomprehensible]
(Hey, are you a model, actress?)
Save your drama for the movies

That role you play, is it the life you live?
Are you one hundred percent positive
Or did you just forget when you got here?
To this place of the misguided, them niggas tryin' to blend in

Hollywood
Who are you, what you'll say you'll do
And why you let it get the best of you?

Hollywood
I get you call it V.I.P.
But let me tell you what it means to me
It's Hollywood

Yeah, but the Truth Hurts
Hollywood, Hollywood

Now this this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what you found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (wife)

I mostly sold dick while I packed a gold clip
Worked my money-maker, she got paper, she bout to trip
(Where the fuck is my money?) I cannot G guilty
You pimpin strong, but comin home, to sheets that be filthy
She on the dillzy, I take advantage
All up in them panties, I got this bitch speakin Spanish
I'm mannish - get yo' nails out my back
Slut I'm bout to nut and get up, go scrub yo' cat
Learn the player rules, this is how I play a dude
Might not be a freak, but she got on the choosin shoes
Dollar signs are folded, I can't control it
Tryin to leave her, beeper just exploded
She sweatin me, won't let me, broad turned fraud
Now she on this dick huh, got her turnin tricks huh
Man it's a trip I don't trip I'm in yo' Lexus flexin
I left her up in Dallas, Texas - assed-out

Now this this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what you found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (wife)

Naw "ho" is short for honey, almost had to wail her like Bunny
Tellin tales of bein pregnant, catchin Nordstrom sales with abortion money
I spotted her, seen her with my nigga when I shot at her
Now we got beef, he caught up in the ho's erotica
Exotic - she's psychotic, rockin his Nautica
Soon he'll need antibiotics (sucka bitch)
Name a sexual disease, she got it like Sam Goody
You be like, "Damn how could she hit me off with chlamydia?"
Fool I pity ya
We live in the city of ballers
With more bouncin than a Zapp, she will doo-wah-diddy-ya
Prettier to grittier, the wittier can get her
To the Hotel, Niko, on some Sauve shit like Rico
That's when I caught a Vision like Coleco
A high-post ho, a perfect way for me to keep dough
Huh, have her sellin ass on Bronson Ave. and Pico

At the ho-tel, mo-tel, or the Holiday Inn (say what nigga?)
I said if that bitch keep fuckin up (beotch) then we'll fuck her friends
I said I dip, dive, what can I say?
Niggas need to stop fuckin with O.J
Some niggas bang Blood, some niggas bang Crip
And bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
I had to dream of hoes, I had to scream at hoes
I seen my hoes in all kinds of clothes
Lil' Almond Joy, I truly enjoy
If you blew my balls, right through my drawers
Come back to the mansion, chill at the spot
From the way she was blowin, I know she does it a lot
I have a eight-and-a-half, nine-and-three-quarters
The ho started callin when I started boss ballin
Gimme some head, gimme some ass (uh-huh)
Gimme some cash, pass it to Daz
Pass it to Snoop, or pass it to Nate
See hoes eat dick like eggs and steak
It ain't shit new, I thought you knew (what?)
I knew you would, you wish you could
Break a G down, break me down
But I'mma see you on the rebound (what what?) D.P. style

Now this this is one of them occasions
Where the homies not doin it right
I mean he found him a ho that he like
But you can't make a ho a housewife
And when it all boils down you gonna find in the end
A bitch is a bitch, but a Dogg is a man's best friend
So what you found you a ho that you like
But you can't make a ho a housewife (wife)

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

I told the world one day I would pay it back
Say it on tape, and lay it, record it
So that one day I could play it back
But I don't even know if I believe it when I'm saying that
Y'all starting to creep in, everyday its so gray and black
Hope, I just need a ray of that
Cause no one see's my vision when I play it for 'em
They just say its wack
But they don't know what dope is
And I don't know if I was awake or asleep
When I wrote this,
All I know is you came to me when I was at my lowest
You picked me up, breath new life in me
I owe my life to you
But for the life of me I don't see why you don't see like I do
But it just dawned on me you lost a son
Demons fighting you, it's dark
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me it'll enlighten you
I don't think you realize what you mean to me
Not the slightest clue
'Cause me and you were like a crew
I was like your sidekick
You gon' either wanna fight me when I get off this fucking mic
Or you gon' hug me
But I'm out of options there's nothing else I can do 'cause

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

It hurts when I see you struggle
You come to me with ideas
You say there just pieces so I'm puzzled
'Cause the shit I hear is crazy
But your either getting lazy or you don't believe in you no more
Seems like your own opinions, not one you can form
Can't make a decision you keep questioning yourself
Second guessing and its almost like your begging for my help
Like I'm your leader
Your supposed to fucking be my mentor
I can endure no more,
I demand you remember who you are
It was you, who believed in me
When everyone was telling you don't sign me
Everyone at the fucking label, lets tell the truth
You risked your career for me
I know it as well as you
Nobody wanted to fuck with the white boy
Dre, I'm crying in this booth
You saved my life, now maybe its my turn to save yours
But I can never repay you, what you did for me is way more
But I ain't giving up faith and you ain't giving up on me
Get up Dre, I'm dying, I need you, come back for fuck's sake

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life
Bring me back to life
Bring me back to life

(I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life)

It literally feels like a lifetime ago
But I still remember the shit like it was just yesterday though
You walked in, yellow jump suit
Whole room, cracked jokes
Once you got inside the booth, told you, like smoke
Went through friends, some of them I put on
But they just left, they said they was riding to the death
But where the fuck are they now
Now that I need them, I don't see none of them
All I see is Slim
Fuck all you fair-weather friends
All I need is him
Fucking backstabbers
When the chips were down you just laughed at us
Now you 'bout to feel the fucking wrath of aftermath, fagots
You gon' see us in our lab jackets and ask us where the fuck we been?
You can kiss my indecisive ass crack maggots and the crackers ass
Little crack a jack beat making wack ass backwards producers,
I'm back bastards
One more CD and then I'm packing up my bags and as I'm leaving
I'll guarantee they scream Dre don't leave us like that man 'cause

I'm about to lose my mind
You've been gone for so long
I'm running out of time
I need a doctor
Call me a doctor
I need a doctor, doctor
To bring me back to life

Bury all your secrets in my skin
Come away with innocence, and leave me with my sins
The air around me still feels like a cage
And love is just a camouflage for what resembles rage again

So if you love me, let me go.
And run away before I know.
My heart is just too dark to care.
I can't destroy what isn't there.
Deliver me into my fate, if I'm alone I cannot hate
I don't deserve to have you
My smile was taken long ago, if I can change I hope I never know

I still press your letters to my lips
And cherish them in parts of me that savor every kiss
I couldn't face a life without your light
But all of that was ripped apart, when you refused to fight

So save your breath, I will not care.
I think I made it very clear.
You couldn't hate enough to love.
Is that supposed to be enough?
I only wish you weren't my friend.
Then I could hurt you in the end.
I never claimed to be a saint
My own was banished long ago, it took the death of hope to let you go

So break yourself against my stones
And spit your pity in my soul
You never needed any help
You sold me out to save yourself
And I won't listen to your shame
You ran away, you're all the same
Angels lie to keep control
My love was punished long ago
If you still care, don't ever let me know
If you still care, don't ever let me know

Yo Doc what up my nigga
Snoop Dogg, it is what it is
This record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man
And I think it's time for me and you to just
Turn it down a bit
Come on

Imagine it never happened
Imagine no rappin'
Imagine niggas trapped
Imagine it havin' action
Imagine how niggas could be actin'
If you never got this shit crackin
Imagine life's so hard
You can't imagine it's like livin' in city of god
You feel me
Imagine life on the yard
I'm tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job
Imagine Biggie with his son
Imagine Pac gettin' call pop 'bout one
Imagine a mother struggling
Dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son
Imagine life you can't win
When you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen
When you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz
When you put back to the streets you get right back in
Imagine Russell still struggling
No Def Jam it's another nigga hustlin'
And no rocks on them fellas
Just rocks on them fellas
Just try and keep it bubblin'
Imagine niggas just stoped
From the east to the west coast, everybody fucked up
I can't imagine no less
But it don't take imagination
To know niggas been bless with
Hip-Hop

Before we go
Can you imagine?
Picture years, with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life

Could you imagine bein' lit up by some hot shells?
Imagine being tossed around and put in jails
Imagine life when you can't get from under
Imagine niggaz at ya when you done fo'
Remember when they asks ya why ya run for and treat ya like a bitch
When they kick you in your dick and take your shit
We act like we hate to see you gun hoe
But just imagine if the rappin' got the gun no but you already know.
Imagine niggas in the LBC felt just like Snoop Dogg & D-R-E,
And felt just like the niggas in the 2-1-3.
Then imagine us was comin' when you fuckin' with me.
Imagine you was up on top of this shit
Imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick
I mean imagine we said fuck this shit
Imagine if my niggas got together and tow up this bitch, yeah
You can't imagine growin' up in the jail done
Happy just to be alive' watching all your people run
Would you imagine growin' up to sell your 50 million records world wide or fuckin' on somebodies son
Imagine if these niggas never saw a color
Would it be peaceful in them streets where niggas kill each other
All the drunk fool gets pissed on balls
He fuckin' off my niggas, they gone murder us all
Imagine that

Before we go
Can you imagine?
Picture years, with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life

Redman wake up. Wake up Redman, wake up. 
This is album three, can you hear me? 
[ba ga goom ba gi]
This is Doctor Travis 
Can you hear me?
You must stay focussed. 
You must focus your mind, Red.

[Girls in background]
But really you don't know
what you gettin into
you can't see the gangster in me
[Snoop]
Uh, God Damn...
that's some of the sticky icky icky icky
Oh Wee
[Dr. Dre]
Ya ya, wassup niggaz and niggets,
This is Dr. Dre,
Hey yo Snoop,
Kick some of that shit for the mutha fuckin East Side.
[Snoop]
And you know that,
Oh fo' sho'.

Family problems, it ain't easy handling those needs
(Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do)
Baby mama drama, I just need a little time to go to sleep
(Damn, only if I had a little time for me)
Record company motherfuckers asking me when I'm gonna release
(I want the pressure homie, so much pressure on me)
And my homies on my back about me helping them get up off them streets
(I mean what the fuck?)

And it all falls back on me
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

(Listen to me)
It's kind of funny how they fall back on me
I used to never get a call back, homie
Before the money they didn't see me like it's dark and it's all black, homie
But now they switching cause the card black, homie
It wasn't always that way
We was recording on the 4-track, homie
New apartment, no fridge, no mattress, no table, no cable
And all I hear is my girl in my ear
And this nigga Eazy asking for his car back, homie
I would've never saw this happening from that far back, homie
What it came to be, would have never believed, living the life I lived in C-P-T
A motherfucking dream to reality is what you call that, homie

It was something to me
No eat, no sleep, wasn't nothing to me
Can't always be how you want it to be
And I'm the one that they looking up to
Fuck they expecting from me?

And it all falls back on me
Sometimes, somehow, it all falls back on me
(Somehow it always fall back on me)
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

That's just the way it is, and how it always was
DJing parties in my neighborhood just for the love
Dope dealers over tipping and bitches stripping
And any minute niggas start tripping and start shooting shit
On any given day I'm like "what the fuck?"
Face down on the pavement with the billy clubs
Took that feeling to the studio and cued it up
And now it's "Fuck the Police" all up in the club
Now it's '91 and Snoop Dogg came to visit
And was like "What up cuz? Let me show you what this chronic like"
Couldn't help myself, just had to dip into that chronic life
And then that night came in when that nigga Knight came in (woo!)
This one of those dreams you don't wake up from
Then again, you don't sleep if you come from where I come from
When the sun shines and they bust nines
Don't dial 9 plus 1-1
When they run up on your school bus with a two truck, you might learn something

And it all falls back on me
Somehow it all fall back on me
No matter where we are, no matter what we doing, it's on me
If it was up to you that's just the way it's always gon' be

It's motherfuckin' Game time!

Six pounds of chronic on my grandma coffee table
That's how you remember it, that's how I remember it
Yeah, dip into the liquor store, .9 in my khaki's
Crips tryna get at me, my red Impala bumping like acne
My city a trap me
Been shot, robbed, stabbed, chased home, socked out
Jabbed by esse's, cops, degenerate niggas with rags
Disintegrate niggas went into me, dome shots like Kennedy
Slugs trippin' with Henessey, got murderous tendencies
And if you don't know where the fuck they got me from
Martin Scorsese when I pull out my gun
Scarface, car chase, tell me how your blood taste
Ask your baby mama, she'll tell you how a blood taste
Basket case, still I'm back with Dre, wait I never left
Run up in Beats, "Bitch pass the safe! Compton"
Produced by a billionaire in this motherfucker
Still smoking, Dre we need a ceiling in this motherfucker
Compton!
They're killing in this motherfucker
They're drilling in this motherfucker
Lock the door, they're stealing in this motherfucker
No chains, no reins, this my home
Nigga this hub city, no fly zone
Niggas pull out burners, start breaking like turbo on ozone
Crack fiends on the back streets
Where the tracks lean and the needles lay
And switchblades, if you bitch made
Put chili all on your Frito Lay's
Where we dream of Montego Bay
But all we got is the swap meet
Where the cops meet, go bang bang
Leaves blood stains on the concrete
And I'm the only nigga bumping Mobb Deep
Cause I mob deep down that side street
I'm a west side rider, [?] gats on collars
Don't hate me, better get your dollars
I be on Rosecrans with a Glock in both hands
Leaning on that bro hand
Flame dump like a co-tail with my name on it

Another day in Compton, the thrill is high
Know somebody's watching, but I don't know why
Feel the fire burning, it touches the sky
Feeling coming at you, I won't die tonight
So I get by, I get by
I get by, I get, I get by
Cause it's just another day in Compton

Hey, hey, hold up a minute
Let me stop up here and use this pay phone real quick
Hey, hey, Toni, it's me; I was calling
You know, just calling to let you know
Don't wait up for me tonight
I mean, I just got a lot of things on my
Mind I gotta think about, you know
Just um, I'll be over Brian's house
You know, it's not you, it's me
You know it's really me, you know
I mean basically, I just think I'm gonna
Need some space

Why are you calling me on the phone?
Why you not at home on time?
You say you're staying over at your friends
'Cause you got a lot on your mind
Now you're swearing up and down that it ain't me
Still, you say that things have changed
So, tell me, what exactly does it mean
When you say you need your space?

Just don't make no excuses, no, no
Why you gotta lie to me?
Just be a man about it
Baby, you don't gotta lie to me, no
Just be a man about it
If you want to leave, go on
Just be a man about it
Come and grab your things and go on
Right now
Just be a man about it

I mean, you gotta understand I love you
You know what I'm saying
And I love you enough to say that I think
I think you deserve somebody better
Than me, you know
And right now, I can't give you what
You need, you know

I mean, I want to love you
And I'm gonna love you, one day
But you know, I mean, you just gotta understand
Where I'm coming from

You say right now that you're not
What I'm looking for
And what you really need is time to grow
You're promising that one day you may
Come around
And I'm supposed to let that go
But where the hell do you get off
Telling me your mama said
I'm not what you need?
Tell you what, since she knows it all
Then that's where you need to be

Just don't make no excuses, no, no
Why you gotta lie to me?
Just be a man about it
Baby, you don't gotta lie to me, no
Just be a man about it
If you want to leave, go on
Just be a man about it
Come and grab your things and go on
Right now
Just be a man about it

Can you tell me how you can
Say you're loved and then
Treat me so bad?
Boy, you know it just ain't right
I cannot believe the way you handled things
You wouldn't lie if you were a man

Just don't make no excuses, no, no
Why you gotta lie to me?
Just be a man about it
Baby, you don't gotta lie to me, no
Just be a man about it
If you want to leave, go on
Just be a man about it
Come and grab your things and go on
Right now
Just be a man about it

Yeah, uhh
Wanna say whattup to all them riders
All them siders, all them gangstas, and all them beotches
Yeah, we keep it gangsta
Yeah, we keep it gangsta

Dippin down Long Beach Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs, and I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all, I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs

Dippin down Compton Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs (say what) I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all (fuck y'all) I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs

Beware of the big mash, you knew he wasn't finished with ya ass
He'll stay on it til it's burnt out, looked how it turned out
Nothing you can do, can't help you out
So fall down, Dr. Dre done fell back into the House (DPG)
with the Pound, bitches keep throwin pussy at us
We don't want it, yea bitch it don't matter
It's all about the money, if you got it, throw THAT up (throw it up)
Hmm, ride along with ya set (Eastside)
And watch us, you motherfuckers can't do that yet
I skirt out, I hit a corner on ya, fuck doing halfway
I do it to the fullest, I'll probably catch bullets on my last day
I hope a prayer come through so I can eat
My shoes looking like about a buck fifty each (but I ain't tripping)
But I'ma come up, that's on my momma
Now that's on me, cause that's a burden on my momma
And she done suffered, the shit's gettin rougher
And when the goin get tough, the tough get a strap
and low-ridin's on the map
Snoop Dogg's #1 the whole Pound's got snaps (nigga)
Yeahh, tell me, have you seen us?

Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it

Acting a fool, nigga done paid his dues
and got my receipt in return, so I recline the leather seats
with a trunk full of beats and, chronic filled leafs to burn
No concern as I make a left turn on the Sharpe (sup nigga?)
Off of Jefferson, feeling awfully naked at the U-turn
Shit, left my gun, that's a no-no
Fuck Ronald Parks, I'm my own po'-po'
Nigga talking dirty after dark, starting stuff
May have to mark up a nigga Fubu logo
Letting off like a Ruger promo
And even though I'm about the hoes, I never doubt the dulos
You know the rule goes, where there's a hoe there's a hater
(Fuck them niggas!) Well there's some hoes over there,
and I concentrate on the haters later (what?)
Give these bitches numbers to the pager
Invite em to the next Dre function as party favors
Who said pimpin's hard labor?

Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!

Hey, ohh yeah, ohh yeah
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Al-always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, we're dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
In them streets, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
Hitting them corners, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come

Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bending corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it

Yeah, what up, this is Dr. Dre
The party's goin' on
Thank God it's Friday

(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)

Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

(Hey you! Sittin' over there)
Say what?
(You better get up out of your chair)
That's right
(And work your body down)
Yeah
(No time to funk around, 'cause we gon')
Funk you right on up
So get up, get a move on and get your groove on
It's the D-R-E the spectacular
In a party I go for your neck, so call me "Blacula"
As I drain a nigga's jugular vein
And maintain to leave blood stains, so don't complain
Just chill, listen to the beats I spill
Keeping it real enables me to make another mil'
Still, niggas run up and try to kill at will
But get popped like a pimple, so call me Clearasil
I wipe niggas off the face of the Earth since birth
I've been a bad nigga, now let me tell you what I'm worth
More than a stealth bomber, I cause drama
The enforcer, music floats like a flying saucer
Or a 747 jet, never forget
I'm that nigga that keeps the hoes' panties wet
The mic gets smoked once you hear the beat kick
With grooves so funky, they come with a Speed Stick
So check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

1, 2 for the crew, 3, 4 for the dough
5 for the hoes (hoes!) 6, 7, 8 for Death Row
Mad niggas 'bout to feel the full effect of intellect
So I can collect respect' plus a check
Now I fin' to get into my mental
Will take care of this business I need to attend to 'cause my rent's due
And this rap shit's my meal ticket
So you god damn right, I'm gonna kick it or get evicted
I bring terror like Stephen King
A black Casanova, running niggas over like Christine
When I rock the spot with the flavor I got
I get plenty of ass, so call me an ass-tronaut
As I blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong
But I smoke him like grass, just like Cheech and Chong
When I flow, niggas know it's time to take a hike
'Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke
I got rhymes to keep you enchanted
Produce a smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
So check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

Debonair with flair, I scare wear and tear
Without a care, running shit as if I was a mayor
But I ain't no politician, no competition
Sending all opposition to see a mortician
I'm up front, never in the backdrop
Step on stage and get faded just like a flat-top
Your rhyme sounds like you bought 'em at Stop 'n Go
Dre came to wax you, so just call me Mop 'n Glow
Many tried to, but just can't rock with
I'm 6'1", 225, of pure chocolate
Your chances of jacking me are slim, G
'Cause I rock from summer until Santa comes down the chimney
Ho ho ho, and so, as I continue to flow
'Cause yo, I'm just a fly negro
So, check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
I keep their motherfuckin' heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
I keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
I keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down
If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

I know you're bobbin' your head
'Cause I can see you
I know you're bobbin' your head
'Cause I can see you
You can't see me!
Death Row, lemme know you in the house (Beyotch!)
Yeah, that's right, we out

Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

Now its that puff puff pass shit
Cheech and Chong glass shit
Blunts to the head, kush feelin' no mattress
Speed boat traffic, bitches automatic
Cross that line, fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking molasses
Probably won't pass it, smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask 'em, bitches bout "how I be smokin' out"
Party all night, oh yea its goin' down
Order rounds, we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
Oh yea we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga, better than my last batch, caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me 'cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy,
Holla at my niggi, Right here in L.A.
inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Back throwback Steeler hat, pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at, smokin' presidential
Got some bubba, I gi' you that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes, and I'm the pimp, in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact, they'll know, this ain't Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it ain't no seeds in my sack
You ain't never gotta ask dog
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low, I'm blown
High as a motherfucker,
Yeah ain't no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out,
Yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie,
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted

Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me 'cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy,
Holla at my niggi
Right here in L.A.
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

We get that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
'Cause what you got in yo sack boy, it ain't that
Ain't that Kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke (inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)

Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Roll up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

Now its that puff puff pass shit
Cheech and Chong glass shit
Blunts to the head, kush feelin' no mattress
Speed boat traffic, bitches automatic
Cross that line, fuck around and get yo ass kicked
We roll shit that burn slow as fucking molasses
Probably won't pass it, smoke it till the last hit
Down to the ashes, Mary J. a bad bitch
Andre 3001 another classic
Go ahead ask 'em, bitches bout "how I be smokin' out"
Party all night, oh yea its goin' down
Order rounds, we smokin' quarter pounds of that good stuff
Oh yea we smokin' all night
Yea puff puff pass that shit right here
Nigga, better than my last batch, caramel complexion and her ass black
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me 'cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy,
Holla at my niggi, Right here in L.A.
inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it
Hold up, wait a minute
Let me put some kush up in it

Still I am
Tighter than the pants on Will.I.Am
Back throwback Steeler hat, pound in my backpack
Next to where the swishas at, smokin' presidential
Got some bubba, I gi' you that
Need it for my cataracts
Four hoes, and I'm the pimp, in my Cadillac
You can tell them Cali back
Matter fact, they'll know, this ain't Dro
Get a whiff of that
No it ain't no seeds in my sack
You ain't never gotta ask dog
What he smokin' on?
Shit kush till my mind gone
What you think I'm on
Eyes low, I'm blown
High as a motherfucker, 
Yeah ain't no question bout it
Niggas say smoke me out, 
Yea I really doubt it
I'm Bob Marley reincarnated, so faded
So If you want it
You know yo nigga homie,
You can put it in a zag or a blunt and get blunted

Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

I know you tryna get high
Type of shit that have ya leaning sideways
Make her work for this suicide
Holla at me 'cause I got it all day
No need to fly to Jamaica
For the quarter ganja, we can get the same thing
You want that bom bom biggy, 
Holla at my niggi 
Right here in L.A.
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale

We get that kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke
Hold up wait a minute
You can go put it back
'Cause what you got in yo sack boy, it ain't that
Ain't that Kush, we blow on the best smoke
Inhale slow, no choke
Make yo ass choke (inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale)

Creepin' down the back street on these
I got my glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a tech 9 tryin' to take mine
You want to make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
With their fucking heads cut off, motherfucker I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin' in my '4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches, clockin' all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by, 'cause I'm too hard to lift
And no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfucking D-R-E, from the CPT
On a robbin' spree, a straight G
Hop back as I pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse go back and take anothers stop
'Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo')
With all the niggas saying

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
With all the niggas saying
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

Just another motherfucking day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just
That gangster glare, with gangster raps
That gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps,
Word to the motherfucking streets
And word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats, that I
Hit ya with that I, get ya with
As I groove in my four on these, hitting the switches
Bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
Bumping like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Reme Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smelling like indo-nesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick, cause my four on hit
Pancake front and back, side to side and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah
(Rollin in my six-fo') with all the bitches sayin'

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
With all the motherfuckin' bitches sayin'
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Know what I'm sayin'
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossing
Checking my rear view, cause niggas they will do
Jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynching but I just watch them hang
So on, and so-on, why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak, now everybody
Peeping out they windows when they hear me beating up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say, every single motherfucking day, yo
But I ain't tripping I'm just kicking it
While my D's keep spinning and these hoes keep grinning I'll be
(Rollin in my six-fo') With everybody saying

Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
With everybody sayin'
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

All these niggas and all these hoes in here, somebody here gon' fuck

Talking that, walking that, spitting at hoes
Smoking this, drinking that, hitting at hoes
Fuck this I'm hitting that I'm hitting em both
Have one riding dick, one licking my toes
When I'm loving these hoes there ain't no love involved
No hugs, no kisses
Bear rugs, bear britches
Rare bitches like to pose in them Blacktail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick
Is that Dre over there

Yeah
I just took some Ecstasy
Ain't no telling what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
Plus I got this bad bitch laying next to me
No doubt, sit back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out

Come on let's get high, high
Let's get high, high
Come on let's get high, high
Let's get high, all my ladies
Let's get high, high
High, high
Let's get high, high
Come on let's get high

I make the four hop
Pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel
Stomping in the party
Kurupt, Young Gotti
I'm fucking something in this bitch
Hit 'em with some gangsta shit
Put something in your mouth bitch real tasty
I'm looking real saucy in my gangsta-ass Staceys
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an'
Got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncing
Down to

Yo what up Scram Jones
Mel-Man what's cracking
Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here

Nigga what, I'm a hustling bitch
I like them get rich niggas
Them hit the switch niggas
Niggas bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
While I'm kicking my game and collecting them checks
Got all y'all niggas vexed to fuck this triple-X rated ho
You say you ain't eat it, you ate it though
Roq don't stop, can't be dropping no drawers
To the niggas how you figure got you shitting in yours
Yeah, little dicks always running they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about
Get the loot, get the ice
Fuck the wife, no doubt
Trying to live lavish
Marry a big dick and stay carried
Holla back at them niggas that hollered at me
Pop the Cris'
Whip the six and shit
And have all y'all niggas limp when I twist my shit
Yeah, bitch ass niggas

Hey, yo whassup?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some chronic witchu?

Nigga what? FO' SHO'!
Roll that shit up!

Hell yeah, still "Alwayz Into Somethin'"
Heart still in Compton
The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes
And Firm Fiascoes - assholes
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
Doing a tango
And cash, always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin' hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feed me mangoes, the other lightin my hash
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (what?)
Came home uptight, ready to mash
Like a gas pedal, get on that sixty-four Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
Cause we rebels over here, I smell Chronic in the air
That means we takin over this year
You hear?

Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas

I hang among hustlers, I slang and hoo-bang Bronson
When bustaz roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
Cause gangbangin is the active, activity
Where I be livin B, there ain't no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you
Slippin, without yours, it's warfare outdoors
Ambulance, violent uproars
Trash niggas takin out like chores I meet whores on tours
Jeans hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores
We on some hardcore, pornographic
Toting Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like Lebanon
Makin' fools "RETREAT!" like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream-on-stars
To get loot and crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggas
At bar one, it's either that or make front page stardom
I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sodom
Newenze gots my bulletproof, it's hard to shoot me you hear?

That means it's real fuckin hard to shoot me, you hear?

Light Speed, blazin Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed
Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas

Wake up, jumped out my bed 
Hung in a 2 man cell wit my homie Lil 1/2 Dead 
Murder was the case that they gave me 
Dear God, I wonder can you save me 
I'm only 18, so I'm a young buck 
It's a ride, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck 
But that's the life of a G, I guess 
Ese's way deep, shanked two in they chest 
Bests run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker 
Ugn, too late, damn, down goes another nigga 
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs 
Getting a rep as a young hog 
It ain't nothing like the street life 
Betta be strapped wit yo clip, 'cause ain't no fist fight 
So I guess I gots ta handle mine 
Since I did the crime, I gots ta do my time 

[Chorus]
Lil' ghetto boy 
Playing in the ghetto streets 
What'cha gonna do when you grow up 
And have to face responsibility 

Now, I'm 'trolling the dove, sitting on swoll 
27 years old, off on parole, stroll 
I'm back up on my feet wit my mind on the money 
That I'm making as soon as I touch the street 
Things done changed but it's alright 
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right 
But it ain't no thing to me 
Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed O.G. 
The little homies from the hood wit grip 
are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set-trip 
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what ya want to do 
Didn't know we had a 22 
Straight sitting behind his back 
I'm grab his pockets and then I heard six caps 
I fell to the ground wit blood on my hands 
I didn't understand 
How a nigga so young could bust a cap 
I use to be the same way back 
I guess that's what I get (for what) 
For trying to jack them little homies for they bread 

Lil' ghetto boy 
Playing in the ghetto streets 
What'cha gonna do when you grow up 
And have to face responsibility 

Something for the real OG's to get wit 
Some facts, made our made, now you want to run and play 
Like every single day, really doe 
You know me, I'm the smooth macadamia, gaming them for my homie 
No need to be uncalm if you pack right 
And learning just enough to keep your sack right 
Late nights, I wonder what they getting fo' 
Early morning on the corners, what they hitting fo' 
Seven young G's put they serve down 
In a jeep ride, east side what they swerve now 
Not thinking about what's really going on 
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone 
I spent 4 years in the county wit nutting but convicts around me 
But now I'm back at the pound 
And we expose ways for the youth to survive 
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right 
So make all them ends you can make 
'Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out 
So ain't no need for your mama to trip 
'Cause you's a hustling ass youngsta, clocking your grip 

Lil' ghetto boy 
Playing in the ghetto streets 
What'cha gonna do when you grow up 
And have to face responsibility

Goddamn, wassup, nigga?
Oh, shit
Wassup?
Hey, that motherfucker clean
Who was that?
Hey, that's Dre, nigga, that's the
Look at that shit
That nigga hangin' that motherfucker, Goddamn
That nigga chromed out up under that motherfucker
Hangin' on the bumper X
Hey, hang that shit

What up, Dr. Dre?

All my life, I've been down to ride
Till I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and being between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin' real life

You know where the fuck I'm from
From that muthafuckin' legendary
From the city where the niggas load clips and fats
And get stabbed at home room should've skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gangbanin' out the window hollering let's ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas don't know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life, you never die, you never die
I'm in that motherfuckin' one for a minute now
All y'all lil' niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, I'm the one that's killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle

R.I.P to KMG
Still gotta murder rap, and don't give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin' I walk in the building I just give a fuck where the money at
They coaching the player
They trust me it's only just one of them
I'm callin' them shots and makin' the plays and if you get a train better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta, y'all testin my patience
Got me feelin' so anxious, I be lookin' so facetious
Feel like running a capre

(Wait, hold up I got next)
(What up X)
Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and I'm dressed like a spy
Black tux, oh you fucks guess what, I'm ready to blow
(Yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin' off the neighbors scrapin' bumpin' in the driveway
You gave me the pistol told me to kill at will
(Blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldn't give a fuck)
Literally, cashed out just livin' to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of 'em? Send them to me
While I'm just over here cozy holdin' these double D's
She book smart with pornographic abilities
(Well I don't know what you know
But I know I got that shit)
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck 'em!
That's why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitches niggas from runnin' their mouth
(It's bout time somebody said something)

One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
I'm ready to die I can't control this fuckin' anger
Ah shit, somebody better fuckin' stop me
Cause I'm a loose cannon that can't stand myself I'm bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else (fuck em')
I swear to god I'ma do it, back the fuck up I'ma do it, I swear to god I'ma lose it

This should be played at high volume
Preferably in a residential area

Now I'ma kick up dust
As I begin to bust
On the wick-wack, fucked up suckers you can't trust
When I pick up I lick up, ya face get smacked up
When I rack up, so all you motherfuckers just pack up
Or get slapped with the swiftness
If you think you're swift then forget Merry Christmas
Now stuff that in your stocking
I'm knocking em out the box 'n'
Knocking em out their sock 'n'
'Cause Robin is rocking
Breaking em down to the slab
Taking em down on their ass
Now what you wanna do? Ya wanna battle, huh?
See ya watch and creak without a motherfucking paddle
Rattle that brain, I'm not that same ol' plain Jane
Roll on you like a boulder, you're nothing more than a grain
Or a pebble, take it from the real rap rebel
Not Bushwick Bill but I can take it to that other level
You think you got pull then pull it!
I got the trigger so I figure you'll bite the bullet
Then bite the dust and what the fuck
Do what I must and what I must is bust
The bubble or choose some trouble, forty-due's
So stick to my Luger, Lady of Rage is coming through

(Some cool shit, some cool shit)

I fears no one, I makes em cool off like a polar cap
Lynching as I hits, misses the rolling back?
Pushing packs to make a profit
Diggy dope stuck on the topic so stop and gimme my pops, kid
I'm living large like a fat bitch
So get back, bitch, I'm hard to broke art so the faggots
This young black kid, I'm mercenary, merciless
Murdering mega some niggas so who's first to diss
They say I'm bad so you'll find none worst than this
Chewing motherfuckers up like a Hershey Kiss
Put to sleep, ripping the lyrics I'm leaving
Rough wind flex too complex, wrecks, then I'm peace
So feel the wrath, nigga, I rip in half niggas
Ya quick to talk shit I whip your ass nigga
So watch me blast, nigga, cause I'm the last nigga
Ya wanna fuck wit, so up your cash, nigga
I make stagger, ob' skills and jimmy ragged
Home in and drag her, sit wit ya girl and watch me tag her
Pulling steel like a stunt
Sold like an ID card, nigga, no needs to front, so
Here to torment up a track on crack
And I'm strapped witta semi-toll milli-ten Mac
Yo, I breaks em off, I breaks em off cheap
Deadly as Jason on Friday The 13th

Back in the days, niggas they use to scrap
But now in '92, niggas they pull they strap
'Cause, umm, police them come wicked and dem shoot
Niggas, so niggas retaliate and start to loot
Execute, boom, stomping black soldier
Here to teach and mould ya
The ennerator, dominator, narrator RB to the motherfucking X
Flex wicked styl-e, bomping be found into greed by a
Maniac with a gat
See nowadays niggas is like that
I pull my trigger back, the bullets go
Bop, bop, bop now I'm on Death Row
Fuck it, niggas going wild, every night they shoot
It's like Beirut
Maybe you should get a Teflon vest for your chest
Anytime ya step into my hood
But that'll do you no good
One slug to ya face, no hate, you getting smoked like wood
Nasty nigga but he pumps, lays flat on the concrete
Here comes the white sheet
Mr. Coroner cocked with some yellow tape
But the murderers escape
Outtie like 5 G's
Lyrical gangbang but it's just a G thing

When darkness be closin in
I'm motivated, with the howlin wind
With a list of chosen men, frozen in sin
Knowin that your end is beginnin
Swift silent and deadly
There's no defending my plots, I know your every movement
For six months I watch, coulda gotchu at your baby's mother's house
Even at your down-low weed spot
But the backdrop, wasn't flattering enough
I didn't want people gathering and stuff
Snapshots of blood splattering from the snuff
Here - puff this here, while I figure which way, to split yo' wig
Right now you as nervous, as a Farmer John pig
As I dig into my tragic bag, take out the HK
Twist on the silencer, insert the thirty-shot mag
Bullet stuck to his brain like a magnet
Skull in fragments, I leave the cleanup to Dragnet

This is anybody (Murderah)
To fuckin' everybody (Murderah)
Nigga all y'all (Murderah)
Uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
This is anybody (Murderah)
Motherfuckin' everybody (Murderah)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderah)
Uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed

Peeped all the stash drop and exchange of the dough
Lurkin through the turf, think how I'mma just work
Give em chase to the crib and yo he properly laced
Stepped out the car, put my steel, to the side of his face
Murder - this the fuckin Case, rob this nigga and shake
The fuckin spot cause in a few it's gon' be crawlin with cops!
Who's the bad bitch now, you crept on, paid the piper
Who'da thought a sexy bitch could be a murderous sniper
Detrimental to your health, shoulda learned yo' lesson
But it's too late nigga bye-bye, better count yo' blessings
I been watchin you watchin me, yeah you ballin
Was, nigga now you finger fucked and steady fallin
A thug wit no love, but bitch niggas die fast
Thug niggas die young - oh what you thought you would last?
Blast two shots to the dome, slide back to the pad
And jack my nigga off, til his dick get soft
Resume the wifey boo shit, cause yo my man don't know
That his bitch is straight ill, servin ass with fo'fo'

I'm a motherfuckin (Murderah)
Bitch this is anybody (Murderah)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderah)
Uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed
I'm a motherfuckin (Murderah)
Uhh bitch this is anybody (Murderah)
Yeah nigga all y'all (Murderah)
Uh, uh, for real
You'll fuck around and get killed!

Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (what?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

Hi! My name is (what?) 
Excuse me, (my name is) (who? My name is) 
Slim Shady
Can I get the attention of the class (huh my name is, what my name is) 
For one second My name is (My name is Slim Shady)

Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine inch Nails, through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin' to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a base-head!" Uh-uh! 
"So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass, faster than a fat bitch 
Who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (what?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (what?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot next semester I'll be thirty five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, 
Chased him with a stapler
Stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Ow!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a space ship 
While they screamin' at me "Let's just be friends!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
Try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans (Ahh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!"

Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh yup!) Am I comin' or goin'? 
I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, 
Dare me to drive? (Go ahead) all my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide
(Whoops!) Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me Mom? You ain't got not tits! 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang!)
I'm steamin' mad (Argh!) And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had

Hi! My name is (what?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (what?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

Hi! My name is (who?) 
My name is (huh?)
My name is 
Slim Shady
Hi! My name is (huh?) 
My name is (who?)
My name is 
Slim Shady

[Dr. Dre]
Journey with me
Into the mind of a maniac
Doomed to be a killer
Since I came out the nut sack
I'm in a murderous mind-state
With a heart full of terror
I see the devil in the mirror
Buck buck, Lights out
Cause when I get my sawed off
Niggas get hauled off

*Barrel one
Touches your motherfuckin' flesh
*Barrel two
Shoots your fucking heart out your chest
You see I'm quick to let the hammer go click
On my Tec-9 so if you try to wreck mine
Fool its your bad time
Feel the blast of the chocolate bomber
Infra red aimed at your head
Like your name was Sarah Conner
Decapitating I ain't hesitating
To put you in the funeral home
With a bullet in your dome
I'm hot like lava
You got a problem?
I got a problem solver
And his name is revolver
Its like a deadly game of freeze tag
I touch you with a 44 mag
And your frozen inside a body bag
Nobody iller
Than this grave yard filler
Cap peeler
Cause I'm a natural born killa

[Ice Cube]
Terror illustrates my era
Now I can't hang around my momma
Cause I scare her
I'm quick to blast motherfucker
(yeah what's up)
It feels like I'm busting a nut
When I open you up
Cause your body is exposed to the midnight mist
All you weak motherfuckers give my ring a kiss
Cause I'm giving dirt naps
Coming with them bomb ass raps
To make your lungs collapse
Perhaps, you never sleep
Cause every time you doze
You catch blows to the motherfucking nose
Ain't seen the sun, in 66 days
Let me count the ways ^in a fucked up maze^
I never ever ever made a ho stay
But I'm down with Dre
Like AC is down with OJ
So fuck how your living
I'm the unforgiving
Psycho driving
Murderer
Its authentic
Don't panic
I can't stand it
God Damn it
Schizophrenic
So fuck Charlie Manson
I'll snatch him out of his truck
Hit em with a brick
And I'm dancing

[RBX]
Mass Murderer, Natural Born Killla,
And I don't want to die
I don't want to DIE
I don't want to
I don't wanna die!

[Ice Cube]
I don't understand the logic in my dreams
But I understand I like the sound of Sirens
Terrified screams from the streams
Of Strychnine
Dumping on any motherfucker trying to trick mine
Cause motherfuckers want to violate
Now they stiff and cold
And they pupils won't dilate
It's so much pain
Migraine
Headache
I can hear his bones break
He steps in the single door
Gets his ass whipped with 20 lashes
Like that dude up in Singapore
So I'm a pull a fuckin Jeffrey Dahmer
Now I'm suicidal, just like Nirvana

[Dr. Dre]
Tic Toc
Toc Tic Toc Tic
Dr Dre and Ice Cube on some murderous shit
Keeping niggas in order
Making there live shorter
Ready to slaughter
Cause to me a life ain't worth a quarter
Or a dime
Mushroom's got my mind
Hallucination
Ain't no debating
I'm creating an escape
Route to be out without a doubt
Scot Free, so don't even think about trying to stop me
Cause I can't wait
I'm out the gate
On the for realla
A thrilla
Or a natural born killa

[Ice Cube]
They call me dadda
6 million ways to murder
Choose one
Lose one soul
Bodies turn cold
Natural fright from niggas going bump in the night

Yeah
You know what
I like the playettes
No diggity, no doubt
Play on playette, play on playette
Yo Dre, drop the verse

It's going down, fade to blackstreet
The homies got rb, collab' creations
Bump like acne, no doubt
I put it down, never slouch
As long as my credit can vouch
A dog couldn't catch me ass out
Tell me who can stop when dre makin' moves
Attracting honeys like a magnet
Giving 'em eargasms with my mellow accent
Still moving this flavor
With the homies blackstreet and teddy
The original rump shakers

Shorty get down, good lord
Baby got 'em up open all over town
Strictly biz, she don't play around
Cover much ground, got game by the pound
Getting paid is her forte
Each and every day, true player way
I can't get her out of my mind
I think about the girl all the time
East side to the west side
Pushin' phat rides, it's no surprise
She got tricks in the stash
Stacking up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
She's on when she's got to have it
Baby, you're a perfect ten, I wanna get in
Can I get down, so I can win

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

She's got class and style
Street knowledge by the pound
Baby never act wild, very low key on the profile
Catchin' feelings is a no
Let me tell you how it goes
Curve's the words, spins the verbs
Lovers it curves so freak what you heard
Rollin' with the phatness
You don't even know what the half is
You gotta pay to play
Just for shorty, bang-bang, to look your way
I like the way you work it
Trumped tight all day, every day
You're blowing my mind, maybe in time
Baby, I can get you in my ride

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

Hey oh, hey oh, hey oh, hey oh (hey yo that girl looks good)
Hey oh, hey oh, hey oh, hey oh (play on, play on, play on)
Hey oh, hey oh, hey oh, hey oh (you're my kind of girl)
Hey oh, hey oh, hey oh, hey oh (hey yay oh)

'Cause that's my peeps and we row g
Flyin' first class from new york city to blackstreet
What you know about me, not a motherfuckin' thing
Cartier wooded frames sported by my shortie
As for me, icy gleaming pinky diamond ring
We be's the baddest clique up on the scene
Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads
I shows and proves, no doubt, I be taking you, so
Please excuse, if I come across rude
That's just me and that's how the playettes got to be
Stay kickin' game with a capital G
Axe the peoples on my block, I'm as real as can be
Word is bond, faking jacks never been my flavor
So, teddy, pass the word to your nigga chauncey
I be sitting in car, let's say around three thirty
Queen pen and blackstreet, it's no diggity

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up, bag it up

I like the way you work it
No diggity, I got to bag it up

Yeah, Come on
Jackie in full effect
Lisa in full effect
Nicky in full effect
Tomeka in full effect
Ladies in full effect
Ain't nothing goin' on but the rent
Yeah play on playette, play on playette
Play on play on, play on play on
'Cause I like it
No diggity, no doubt, yeah
Blackstreet productions
We out, we out right
We out, we out

Love, love
Love, love,
Don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Young Money yeah uh

Ah, throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles uh
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay them down, make them beg
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on a triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes, uh
Be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch up, up and away, man, I come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in a cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucker, blood gang and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost,
No love found

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say, just (Don't hurt me)
That's right (It don't hurt me) I don need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha bitch you get (No love) You showed me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground, but what comes around goes around (Yeah)
(And you don't hurt me)
That's right (You don't hurt me) and I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you, (No more)
Ha bitch you get no love
No love
No love
No love, ha
Bitch you get no love
No love
No love, and I don't need you (No more)
Get 'em

I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen,
I'm a little bit sicker than most,
Shit's gonna get thick again, they say the
Competition is stiff, but I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Caution to the wind, complete freedom,
Look at these rappers, how I treat them so why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em yeah
They call me a freak 'cause I like to spit on these pussies 'fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage, where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute,
Yeah that rap was tight, but I'm 'bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit and start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump in the place
All the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I Bogarted the game I so started
To rock fellow, when I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted 'cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop, I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop, 'til my hip don't hop anymore
When you're so good that you can't say it 'cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore
People just get sick 'cause you spit, these fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride,
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride, killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent is getting no
Mercy, mark my words, ain't letting up, relentless I smell blood,
I don't give a fuck, keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up? You get no love

It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Oh)
You kicked me when I was down, but what you say, just (Don't hurt me)
Yeah that's right (It don't hurt me) And I don need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha bitch you get (No love) You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah)
You ran me into the ground, but what comes around goes around
(And you don't hurt me) That's right (You don't hurt me) and I don't need you (No more)
Don't want to see you, (No more)
Ha bitch you get no love
No love
No love
No love, ha
Bitch you get no love
No love
No love, and I don't need you (No more)
Ha, bitch you get no (Love)

One, two, three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance, so back on up
('Cause you know about to rip shit up)
Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nothin' but a "G" thang, baby!
Two loc'ed out niggas so we're crazy!
Death Row is the label that pays me!
Unfadeable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But uh, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected, so I'ma let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin' her man
And learnin' her man, and at the same time burnin' her man
Now you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
(Yeah) And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hooka's and ho's know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

Well I'm peepin', and I'm creepin', and I'm creep-in'
But I damn near got caught, 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt
You never been on a ride like this before
With a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know, and I know, I flow some ol' funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
On what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do

It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
And who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill, 'til the next episode

Fallin' back on that ass, with a hellified gangsta lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a ol' batch of collard greens
It's the capital S, oh yes I'm fresh, N double-O P
D O double-G Y, D O double-G, ya see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin' G shit
(Hell yeah) So Dre, (What up Dog?)
Gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumpin' (City of Compton!)

It's where it takes place, so when asked, yo' attention
Mobbin' like a motherfucker, but I ain't lynchin'
Droppin' the funky shit that's makin' the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfuckin' homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And if your bitches talk shit, I'll have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on, to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., "No One Can Do It Better"

Like this, that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
And who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill, 'til the next episode

Good evening!
This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of four million and a half feet
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seat belt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin

I'm Dre from back in the day from
NWA from black and the gray from
Choking a bitch to smacking her face from
Stacking up bodies to
Racking their kegs up from
Racking a bitch to
Stacking them crates up
I'm still hungry
And I'm back with a tapeworm
And we was happening and rapping and tame at me
Shady for us competition
Faggot, there ain't none

Speak of the devil
It's attack of the rain man
Chainsaw in hand, blood stain on my apron
Soon as the blade spun run, they run away from
Who wanna play dungeon?
No one is safe from
In search of a brain surgeon
A great one
Wait, the day ain't funny man
It's urgent
I need one
Two boxes of detergent and a paint gun
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon wireless
A nice environment
Surprised, entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants
Taking lives of firemen
Say goodbye, here I am again
Naked wives and Vicadin
Before I begin to get so high; pussy boy, I could spin
Fin, fin
Fuck the handle I fly off the hinge
Let that boy off the bench, coach and throw it to him
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again
Baby, make us some French toast and show us some skin
I show you every inch grows of my foreskin
Show me nipple I pinch, throw up, and throw up a ten
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again
The sorcerer of intercourse, if it's forced, it's him
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain

So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

Now where there's smoke, there's fire
Where there's fire, there's flames
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games

Nah uh, he ain't playin'
He's gonna get the AK and aim it right at your brain
I'm slightly insane
Vodka and kreatine
Hypnotic and red bull
It's an incredible energy drink
And it's given me wings
I believe I can fly
While I pee on a girl
You won't catch me, CSI
It's as easy as pie
And as simple as cake
Dre, get on the mic and make them tremble and shake

Now put your smoke up in the air
And raise your henny and coke
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Lets get into it
You smoking with the triest and truest
I got the Midas touch
When it comes to rolling shit up
You motherfuckas ain't smoking
You just holding shit up
Now here we go
Let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
Cuz if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing is how I blew up off of puffing them trees

Well puffing ain't enough for me
Fuck yeah, light it up Cheech, come on
Smoke me out, cuz
Give me contact buzz
Get me on track
They love me when I'm on that stuff
But this earth calling Shady, man come on back (what?)
Man we're losing him; he won't even respond back (fuck! )
Now look at all the pretty women in here
(Damn bitches)
Dre, it's hot
I think we better go check on their temperatures
I give them the thermometer
You get the bandages
Now baby just bend over
This won't hurt a damn bit,

And give me one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that brake
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go
You are now smoking with the best (the best)

You in the office of the good doc again, let's walk again
It's like clock again, the hood rock again
You should pop it in,ain't take it out
That shit play on, you can't make it out
The world ain't set for what I'm about to do
Ninety-six tracks mixed down to two
I stepped out the booth, called up Snoop
Like toucan, Dre got colorful loops

We can shoot, we can scrap
We can rap, we can act
We can mack these bitches, whatever you want
Ol' bitch ass niggas think it's better to front

How it be on the West, forever the hunt

But I won't wear no bull's eye (Bull's eye eye)
Bull's eye is how these fools die (Die die)
Waitin' on school by (By by)
Have you on the news by (By)

Y'all know how the story goes
We give a fuck about award shows

Same shit about hoes

Real niggas own platinum balls
I ain't got it on my neck nigga check my walls
I think y'all just tryin' to insight us
Yo I see how the world can't see these Eastsidaz
All y'all wanna criticize, fuckin' with us tryin' to get a ride
That's when my shit flies

And here's where the pimp lies

I spit game at the globe
First week deuce five

[Chorus]
I'd rather be ridin' than walkin'
While all you loud mouth niggas keep talkin'
All you high paid niggas stay fly
I'ma slide left, fly right on by
I'ma do it on the boulevard
Fast bitches, fast cars and stars
Stayin' boxed up eatin' caviar
Lookin' for the next play to have it all, ah nah

It's funny how the game goes
New face but they look like the same hoes
I try to get away, everybody wanna hit of Dre
Stay focused, bang I done hit a day

Nigga fuck what cha' heard, shit is all lies
Niggas mad Dre and Snoop stayin' multi

My career in fifth gear while y'all's dyin'

You thinkin' California all sun and surf, for sho'
I can see you walkin' under the Earth

My gun burst em'

And I still got my first mil'
Still bounce till I feel like the Earth tilt

Every club, Dre and Snoop loudest
G-Funk, get it crunk like the Dirty South
Hold ya mouth, you ain't worth a third of me

A word from me, exclusive as a surgery
But I don't use a scalpel, chainsaw shoppin'

Like that

Whole staff'll come through and spin
Either on the film or the two-inch wheel
Behind the wheel of a sixty-four
I can't stop till I done fifty totes

Y'all motherfuckers know me
I smoke a lot of weed, sayin' fuck a pass like Kobe

[Chorus]

[Repeat x4]
Rock on, rock on keep movin' on
Groovin' on and hold ya on

[Chorus]

[gun cocked back]

[Eminem]
Nah, we ain't goin [echo]
I love bein hated, it great it
Let's me know that I made it
I wouldn't have it no other way
I wouldn't trade it for the world
Only let's me know that I'm loved
By so many other motherfuckers that ain't you
And as long, as you keep fuckin with us, we keep fuckin you up
And keep pullin the rug from up under you
And what's ever more fucked up, is we enjoy what were doin
So much there ain't nothin that we love more than +Pullin Your Skirts Up+
And exposin you hoes so much, people are startin to wonder
What's up with them fuckin one dough a man under-els
Do unto others of you will have done under you
So who the fuck you motherfuckers gonna run to
When someone runs up with a mask and puts a gun to you [gun cocks]
You will ask youself, how come your mans
Didn't enter that last round that he had in Curtis Jackson's ass while he had the chance
You keep askin us to keep it on wax but we can't
This is past any irrationalization
We have captured national media attention
Conversation is senseless, you can sense the tension start buildin
Soon as we enter the '106th & Park' building
Someone's gonna get killed and I swear to God
If someone so much as even touches one of my people
I'll put a million on his head
And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it
But I'd rather rap than get into this gangsta shit
And it ain't because I'm a bitch
It's because I ain't a bitch, I don't endanger people that I'm with
I'm a general, I ain't Bush, I don't send my soldiers to war
I'm right there in the middle of the shit with 'em, so when I do get 'em
Orders to storm your headquarters, you'll be fuckin with a ..

[Swifty McVay]
Fuckin with a peacekeeper, see you the nigga that greet this lyrical meat cleaver
That I eat ya, niggaz wanna keep speakin, like it ain't even that deep
I got heat that'll sweep a niggaz street [explosion]
See I wouldn't fuck with me neither, only heaven can help ya
I'll be searchin for you longer than the "Legend of Zelda"
Without a failure, there's gonna be hell to tell the
Captain that a bassett hound couldn't even smell ya
Body, when I hide ya, I be on that mob shit
You another Hoffa, under the Renaissance bitch
You get bombed like Lebanon [explosion] with my own tactic
I snatch your head like one of Saddam's kids

[Obie Trice]
Motherfucker, I'll handle you
We can have it out on any Avenue
A +Average Man+ flipped into an animal
Shoot out your mandibles
Cannons and ammunition, reload with precision
Nigga know the mechanicals
Break the pistol down, you should see them handles
The street taught the child, no read up manuals
Push your crack vows, young Nino Brown
Chasin green is the dream, when your young and brown
Bound to be a problem child, look what I'm involved in now
A 'Dozen Dirty' niggaz and they all get down
Dissolve any problem that enlarge with ours
When revolvers we said "all men get down" ([gunshot], c'mon)

[Kuniva]
While your punchin and tacklin punks
I'm handlin chumps, packin a pump
That's longer than the elephant trunk [gun cocks]
On the streets I'm a beast, I feast upon the weak
So speak beef, I'll shot you and scream "increase the peace"
A monster, pistol packin pushin niggaz off they Hondas
Starve ya, get it crackin, yankin bitches for they ganja
Sneaky as fuck, I don't think mama beat me enough
When she was sleepin stuff, I was stealin the keys to the truck
Shut the fuck up, before you end up dead in the dump truck
Or in the streets takin a nap, bleedin and Lugged up
+Who Want What+ like M. Bleek, with this heat if you ten deep
Then fuck it, it will be ten sleepin [gunshots]

[Proof]
Know much about my a land ski
Don't tustle with my hand speed
Clutch your burner, bust it and watch your man bleed
We ferocious, toast no holsters
Approach us, throw heat straight from the soldiers (c'mon, [gunshot])
We the soldiers, ya'll the youngsters (ha)
Youngsters lungs puncture, dead in a dumpster [gunshot]
Upstairs the Munsters, hand full of drama
You scared of the drama, bomber the monster [gun cocks, boof]
I'm back nigga (woof), I reappear
Shoot like [gunshot], homie steer clear
Blackness, carcass covered with cat fish
We murkers with no purpose other than practice

[Bizarre]
There's three things I hate: liars, fakes and cheaters
Alcoholics, sluts and fuckin wife beaters
A gat that describes my life
I don't even know who song this is [Obie Trice]
Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck about no hip hop
At my release party in a pink tank top in Reeboks [laughing]
This Ja Rule beef I ain't gettin in
I'll meet an are & be	 singer to sing at my wedding
I turn your face into a fuckin meat patty
I'll fuck your mommy and go fishin with your granny
I'll +Shit on You+, I'll pee on R. Kelly too
This is Bizarre, see you "Devil's Night 2"

Y'all ready to get nasty? 

Yeah! 
Shit!
Yeah! 
Oh
Damn! 
Oh, that pussy is good tho

Oh, shit! 
It's good!
Oh! Oh! 
Fuck, you hurtin' me bitch! 
Oh shit!

Oh! 

Oh, yeah you're da bitch, bitch!

Fuck!
Oh! 

Oh shit!
 
You're hurtin' me!

Damn!

You're hurtin' me!

Damn! 

Oh!

Damn!

You're makin' my pussy sore, bastard! 

Oh shit!

Oh, my nuts!

Aw, Fuck me! 

Oh! 

Fuck

Oh shit yo' face!

Oh

Oh, damn, damn, damn, oh, 

Shit, oh, 
Fuckin' in my ass, bastard! 

Shit! Oh, oh, damn! 

Oh, shit I can't see! 

Oh

Oh, shit! 

Oh, shit! 

Fuck! 

Whore! 

Ah

Damn, that shit was good

Ah, oh shit

Oh, my god

Oh oh oh 

Damn

Oh, that shit feels so good
Oh oh oh

Shit! 

Oh, get the fuck up! 
Oh, get the fuck up now! 
Oh you fucked the shit out of us! 
Fuckin' big dick master! 

Oh shit! 
Aight

Oh shit! 

Aight, chill, chill, chill, give me five minutes, damn! 

Well, get the fuck up! 
Jake, hurry up, 
'cause you know I gotta get home to
My nigga
'cause you know
You know you gots to get some at home, ha ha ha
Now I'm lovin' that big 

Ooh, shit! 

Ha ha what? You got a problem? 

Man, fuck your man, know what I'm sayin? 
I'm Jake Steed. 
Bitch!

What!?
Who you callin' a bitch? 

You! Bitch!

Yo, this Esco, who this

What's the deally, I just touched grounds down in Philly
Brought a pound with me, Feds floating around silly
Tryna find Lynn; bitch supposed to be in the Benz
Parked in row ten, her and that slow ho Gwen
Shoulda known she was a bitch that we both could'a boned
To post it alone, the ass had us both in the zone
But you know the rules, both been schooled by older dudes
I know the jewels no time for them thoughts, too much to lose
Just trying to vibe until them hoes role with the ride
Where's your joy and pride, you know little Des got your eyes

In the cut drop CLK, the top's up
Left the mall bought Little Amal the toy truck
Your boy's what, three-years-old now correct
He and my daughter age neck-and-neck, they future's set
Trees got me wet, in the background's an old cassette
Fly Stephanie Mills shit
What's the deal with, all this shit I'm hearing up top
You got arrested, shot a fair one with a cop
That ain't ya stee', you usually low key when o.t
I'm only going off of what some weak bitch told me

That's some ill shit, hear that bitch go with her clique

Yo Dunn, I'll hit you right back cause the static is thick

We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do
Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew
All we need now is the right word or two
To make all it stick like glue, then you through
We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do
Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew
All we need now is the right word or two
To make all it stick like glue, we got you

We just hit the crib-o, I'm curled up on this pillow
I'm still low, heard the ill news, these niggas killed Mo
The shit touched me, tryna chill just lit a Dutchie
From a while back, same foul cats who tried to bust me
Caught em sleeping in Spanish Harlem with some Puerto Ricans
Up in Washington Heights right off the Deacon
Feel awful speaking, for some reason feel the phone's tapped
Alone with gats left with a vest to watch my own back

Keep your eyes open, stay wide, shit is mind blowing
Look for any sign showin one-time is knowing
About the dynasty, shit is not minor leagues no more
Cats bleed in this cold war
Son we took an oath, then this life took us both
We rich now, milk the whole cow, split the growth
Now I'm on the car doing, headlights on
Fluid in the windsheild wipes gone this light storm
That's forming in the sky, you coming home tomorrow
Will you drive or will you fly - hold up, my other side

Yo son some other cats tried to ruin our plans
Sending two decoy bitches with pictures of you and your man
Asking your whereabouts, I gave em no leads
For all the nigga know them hoes fuck with police

No shit I'm clicking over, I'mma tell Sos quick
Son, them outta state bitches tryna get us both hit
That was Nate, he hit me last night late while in my ho's stomach
Said it's no hundred, we FBI's most wanted
So play the low; change your clothes, pack your bags
Watch what you say on this phone, get home fast

We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do
Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew
All we need now is the right word or two
To make all it stick like glue, then you through
We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do
Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew
All we need now is the right word or two
To make all it stick like glue, we got you

Yo it's all good
I'mma hit you when I touch down tomorrow son, word

Stay on-point, don't even use the phone
Just come to my crib yo, word up

Out

[Dr. Dre]
Why'all ready to get dirty?
Do why'all really want to get X-rated?
Heh, bottoms up

[Mimi]
Just hit me up when you need?
Sex, endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me

[Dr. Dre]
We back, we mack, stay blunted
Knee pads, yo hoes they wanted
Penthouse two o'clock eleven hundred
It ain't no fun if I can't reroute your hoes in this direction
Swerve in the intersection, I'm done she restin
No question, done session
Home wreckin, Doc mothafuckin Dre no guessin
Nothin less than, I mess when I'm sexin
Bang on the block
Even Asian bitches like to bang cock
Draws drop, she bunny hops
On it like a pro, she comes out the clothes

[DJ Quik]
But, uh, she flips the dildos
Whether in the Pumps, Nikes or the steel toes
Dre, you can spot it in the benzos
Squawtin real low, got me drivin real slow, she's a real ho

And even though her parents spent the fat chip
On that private school chip
She graduated, got some thug dick and flipped
No more checkered sweater, vest and plaid skirts

She's out here nekkid [unknown] less and that hurts
But she's in good hands, cus Suga Free palmin
He sent her the the Sherri tan with Thomas
If you need 'em that got 31(0)'s 62(?)-9755

You hit 'em and they let you know when she's arrived
Oh she okay she just runnin' an errand
With this Portuguese dime piece named Karen
Bouncin' through the mall, spottin' 'em all

A sucker for a dick sucker ready to fall
For a daughter like yours
Got him pattin' his pocket and comin' out his drawers
Layin' his jacket on puddles, openin' the doors
All for what?
Because I promised her my name gave her the game and still ain't fucked

[Mimi]
Just hit me up when you need?
Sex, endo and Hennessey
Won't you just put it on me
Undress on yo company
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Relax and come chill with me
Kick back I got what you need
Won't you just put it on me
(Come on baby) Put it on me
Fuck everybody let's just go
(Come on baby)
We can get drunk, have some fun and blow some smoke
(Come on baby) My spot is close, see'mon lets roll
(Don't trip) I'll keep it on a low, ahh

[DJ Quik]
Now we just kickin' back playin' on some PS2
Contemplatin' the game Dre and me best do
If you feelin' froggies then leave when we test you
But I'm guaranteein' you bitches leavin' three less two
Never mind what that love and hate one pairs do
Why'all just snicker at that hooker when we all pass through
Dr. Dre and DJ Quik will probably outlast you
You're like see-trough pair of boxers nigga yo ass trough

[Dr. Dre]
Bitch, you need some good dick, I got that too
Speed bag the clit, leave it black and blue
Time of yo live, I got that boo
Creep late nights up in hotel rooms
We drank, eat shrooms
Kill something, crank the volume
Fuck in every room
You know your home girl want it, Tag team bitch
Why you being dick greedy? Tag team bitch
When she cums, she drips on mattresses
Bedroom time comes I handle shi

You really don't understand do you?
Hey man, don't you realize
In order for us to make this thing work
We gotta get rid of the pimps, and the pushers, and the prostitutes
And then start all over again clean
Niggas you crazy!

Once again
The mighty Death Row organization commitin' mass murder
And we ain't asking for shit, nigga we takin' it
So Dre, blast they ass nigga
Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of LA
Wonderin' where the pussy at
Straight for ya, looking for a hoe
Hangin' out, rolling in my '64
16 switches for the niggas in my hood
17 shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
Ya come outside nigga ya gettin' fucked up
But I told ya, creep, creep ya best move
Like Luthor Vandross, fuckn' up the west coast
I'm right back up in ya when ya nut
1-2-3 nut, from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my '64 and a lot of doe
I keep ya this and like that
And I,

Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Oh wait, that's that nigga that owe ya that grip
Ya, there that fool is
Break him off proper then
What's up, what's happinin'
I'm the man
Nigga you delinquent, can I get those in?
Nigga, pay this nigga here
(I ain't got yo money)
Well, yo, check this out, nigga
What's up
What's up?
What's up?
Ya motherfucker
(I'll be back though, I'll be back)
Ya, you ain't never comin' back
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Yeah nigga
Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Creepin and peepin' and I can get with these
The chronic, slangin' fat keys from my block
And it don't stop
Tell me where ya want to go
To the strip
Or take a trip ballin' with the row
My shit off in ya system attacks
Indo smoke in ya lungs, like that
And you can lift it, on, and a fist a bomb
Takin' away like hell gone Vietnam
California, back in and on a mission, proving a point
In my game, ain't no fuckin' competition
They wish they was a runnin' up in reality
CPT, CAL my locality
It's strage how I rearrange and change the business
By droppin' shit like this
Dope, niggas can't cope with the real
I peal, in the penitentiaries, and when I kill it goes,
Rat-tat-tat-tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I,
Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back

Straight up, now you niggaz know where my homey's comin' from
So quit the chit-chat, before ya find yourself flat on your biz-out, fool
It's 9-duce, Dr Drizzay, is sittin on Tizzart! It don't stop
Treartin' buster's like a punk ass kizzart!
Bitch!

I am not Jasmine, I'm Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is laggin'
See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin'
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'
So fuck I look like gettin' back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flat screen
(Haha) Plasma
Hey Nicki, hey Nicki, asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars, sentencin'
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that hoe, punt
Forced trauma, blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cuttin' it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fuckin' with
You lil' brag a lot, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You outta work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

I ain't into S and M, but my whip's off the chain
A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame
Twisted-ass mind, got a pretzel for a brain
An eraser for a head, fuckin' pencil for a frame
You don't like it then peel off, bitch
Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off,
and I still wouldn't fuck you, slut
So wipe the smile on your grill off,
I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off
Get the wheels turnin', spin, and wheel off
Snap the axel in half, bust the tie-rod
Quit hollerin' 'Why, God?'
He ain't got shit to do with it
Bygones'll never be bygones,
so won't be finished swallowin' my wad
I ain't finished blowin' it, nice bra
Hope it'll fit a tough titty, bitch
Life's hard, I swear to God, life is a dumb blonde white broad
With fake tits and a bad dye job
Who just spit in my fuckin' face and called me a fuckin' tightwad
So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod
And caught her stealin' my music,
so I tied her arms and legs to the bed
Set up the camera and pissed twice on her
Look, two pees and a tripod!
The moral to the story is, life's treatin' you like dry sod?
Kick it back in its face, my God
It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd
But don't ask why, bitch (Ask why not)

The wo-world is my punchin' bag and
If I'm garbage, you're a bunch of maggots
Make that face, go on, scrunch it up at me
Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it
Like a, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon
You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end
I told you to stay in your lane, you just choked in traffic

(I-I-I-I-Is)
Is this the thanks that I get for puttin' you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow
(Ni-ni-ni) "Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't shittin', then get off the pot
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I-I-I-I hear them mumblin', I hear the cacklin'
I got 'em scared, shook, panickin'
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a stand, still, mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfuckin' boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my niggas gettin' buck, overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy-ass, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin' me Manning, Eli
(Manning, Eli!) Ma, ma-ma-ma-ma, Manning, Eli
These bitches callin' me (Manning, Eli)

A-a-a-a-all you lil' fagots can suck it
No homo', but I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets
And I'm crooked enough to make straitjackets bend
Yeah, look who's back again, bitch, keep actin' as if
You have the same passion that I have
Yeah, right, still hungry, my ass
You ass dicks had gastric bypass
Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass
And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids (Eyelash!)
Go take a flyin' leap of faith off a fuckin' balcony
'Fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass
You know what time it is, so why ask?
When Shady and Nicki's worlds clash
It's (high class) meets (white trash)

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

Roman!
Roman!
Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Slim Shady!
What's goin' on?
They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell!
I promise!
Take your mother's warning, Roman
Please!
Back to bed!
Run along!
Let's go!
Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys
(Boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys)

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

Niggas is so gangsta, Niggas is thugs
Niggas'll spend their whole life peddling drugs
Slanging dope in hopes of one day being able
To own their own label and give the game up
Some niggas came up, some just didn't
That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't
Some niggas'll get money and pay niggas to back em
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough
And that's as backwards, cause them niggas just gone keep coming back
And that's when extortion happens
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be
You deal with anything to live legitimately
But you gone find if you do get in this industry
It's best to be business with me than against me
Niggas get behind mics and ain't even emcees
Niggas get on MTV just to diss me
This shit don't even piss me off
I'm laughing all the way to the bank
Watching the satellite from ma Bentley
And you niggas don't even got a car
You're so far under my radar
I don't even know who the fuck you are
To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissing
I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissing
And media just feeds into these feuds
Trying to add fuel to the fire
This little nigga Ja Rule talking bout he's gonna slap me
Nigga please, you gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
I laugh at these magazines when they interview him
All they doing is making fake threats to us through them
And pussy you're not Pac, I knew him
Pac was a real nigga, you're just a fucking insult to em
It's too bad we had to fallout before he passed
If he could see this shit now, he'd be whooping your ass
You're talking to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years
Who you got in your air? I don't even gotta say it, the fans know
Quit trying to be tough, nigga, you look like an asshole

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

They say why don't we increase the peace
The only piece increased is that which deletes your peeps
Cause niggas run mouths but they don't run streets
Till that 45 will cease the speech
Yeah, it's a shame how the beef'll creep
Could've reached the peak, now you're left with a horrible leak
I'm trying to be as bleak with my speech as possible
Just in case a nigga trying to throw me an obstacle
Nigga, I'm not boxing you, I'm hospitable
I put you in a hospital, that's how I get at you
Let the doc op on you, he don't rid you?
You back on the streets, I send another hit at you
This is not a hypocritical issue
I will critical condition your tissue
Give a fuck if all ten of them with you
I throw an extra ten of them missiles
Turn gangstas into gentlemen, vicko
And ever since Eminem dissed you
I swear I see the woman and bitch in you
All this bickering back and forth over who signs who
Curtis pulled your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered
Now take it like a man and shake it off, damn!
And quit telling all these magazines your plans
How you gone slap up my mans, you're fictitious
Nigga, we'll send Stan to come murder your bitches

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said "What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?"
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction

I mean, I listen to these rap records
Half the time I'm suspicious
You niggas sound so fictitious
Believe me I know the difference
I got some words for you niggas
You're the definition of (Satisfiction)
Listen up, I been where you're going three times and plus
Big houses, cars, jewelry, bad bitches all around us
Motherfucker uh, I seen it all and guess what
It's the (Satisfiction) you feel me?

Oh yeah, I see what you're saying
I know some niggas just like that
Frontin' ass niggas man, really ain't got no bucks like that
Stuck like that, its cool if you cool gettin' love like that
Flashin' down the Southside Raleigh
You'll be runnin' outta luck like that
What I mean by that is
Why your name always in these rental records
Spendin' rent money gettin' that bottle service into your section
You leased your car, leased your house, leased your spouse
No she leavin' if you run outta paper
And might be smashin' your neighbor
I know you think you're a star cause followers clickin'
Guess your ambition is to keep up with social tradition
Like sneaker shoppin' summer you niggas are fuckin' sickenin'
Cause you'll take your soul out, just so you can fit in

Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction

Cuz, fuck wrong with these niggas
These labels always ask me to do a song with these niggas
Doc, I think its time for you to open up the pharmacy nigga
And change this fuckin' music shit my nigga, you should consider
Nah, I'll be doin' me lokin, keepin' these bad bitches open
And keeping them wet yep, see cause Long Beach right by that ocean
Sippin' that gin and juice my nigga, yep I'm still on that potion
All these random niggas fake as fuck and I'm stil gettin' noticed
God damn man, how we s'posed to handle this shit, cuh
Everything we done built these niggas dismantled this shit, cuh
We gotta get back to that real, that's on the dub
Another lesson from your uncle Snoop, what what what?

I'm just stating the facts
Don't get no realer than that
Satisfiction, attention, listen, play your position, player
Shouldn't be too hard my nigga
Supposed to be like a lay up
It shouldn't be so hard to be yourself
My nigga wake up
Stay up, pay up, straight up, cake up
Thats what I'm made of, high? Yup
My life is all authentic, that's why I'm goin' way up
Your satisfaction is fictitious, your happiness is made up

Simple pleasures, rockstar living
Drugs and mansions, hit the ceiling
Cars expensive, blow this action
True revealing
Satisfiction

I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit, kick up dust, cuss till I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit
Corrupt, and I'm a pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick 'n rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to earth
And if I fumble a verse, keep going, first take
I make mistakes just keep it, no punches pull, no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit, if I ever take shit I'll eat shit, wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit
Creep with me as we take a little trip down memory lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age, "But what about Jermaine?
"Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin' mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your lil' interviews and see what you're sayin'
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move
'Til I'm provoked, when I see you, I'm a step on you and not even know it
You midget, mini-me with a bunch of mini-yous, runnin' round your backyard swimmin' pools
Over eighty million records sold, and I ain't have to do it with ten or eleven year olds

'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?

Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss
From a dixie cup, if you ever mix me up 
Or confuse me with a Cannabis or Dre with a Dupri
We'll rub it in, every club you're in
We'll have you black balled and make sure you never rap-a-fuckin'-gain
Dre ain't havin' it as long as I'm here to play devil's advocate
If there was some magic shit I could wave over the industry
That could save it when I'm gone and buried
To make sure the tradition carries on, I would
If I could only use this power for good, I wouldn't, not even if I could
From the hood, and I'm a hornet, and I'm a only sting when I cornered
And I'm a only sucker punch and swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin' head off
'Cause I know if they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk rock, no one's punk, don't give a fuck
White-Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up and sell a mill
Or grow up to be Atilla, go nuts and be a killer
And I'm, somethin' of a phenom, one puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive and on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer so come along wit us?
Come on

'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?

Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and Alize, partyin' all day
But I handled my business
'Cause it's work before play, don't look for trouble
But I'll serve you gourmet
However you want it, you can have it your way, you fuck my night up
I'm a fuck up your day, bullet with your name
Sendin' it your way, that goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
'Cause this is my space, you invade it, live to regret it
And you'll die tryin' to violate it
Fuck around, get annihilated, eyes dilated
Like my old lady?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is two different things
Depending on your mood if it swings
Think too many things, little hit of Dre's weed
I can do anything, catch a contact and I'm gone 
And I'm back, I speed write and my loose-leaf's my launch pad
And I can pull any string, don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head, you headed west, talk shit about Dre
You better get a vest
And invest in something to protect your head and neck
And it's back and forth, all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best, in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend I'm a die a sudden death
Five mics in the Source, ain't holdin' my fuckin' breath
But I'll suffocate for the respect 'fore I breathe, to collect a fuckin' check

'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?
'Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin' it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin' it
So who you playin' wit, huh?

Six million ways to die, choose one

It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck I'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we putting in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggas
Anybody killer, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is

I see some mark brand niggas on the corner flagging me down
Saying, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga snoop alright? Hey yo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggas in jail, or are them niggas through?"
I said, if you ain't up on things
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game
It's like this they don't understand
It's an everyday thing, to gang-bang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggas know
What's up with you I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
And Compton, and Watts, see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
See long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
Pump pump, put 2 slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker, creepin and sleepin
6 feet deep in, fuckin with the Pound is

Suicide, it's a suicide

The cloud becomes black, and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue, on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon 'cause
I drops bombs like Platoon (hey nigga)
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you
(I won't leave you) until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
Or survival, becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open, 'cause you don't want to be caught
Half steppin with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me
Take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the devil
Now roam through the depths of hell
Where the rest your buster ass homeboys dwell
Well

Suicide, it's a suicide

Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name
Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa

(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)

Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta, now picture this!
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets
And I got the machine, that cracks your fucking chest plates
Open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally ruff-neck
Now everybody scream 'nough respect to the X
'Nough respect given
Disrespect and you will not be living
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma

Suicide, it's a suicide

Now tell me, what's my motherfucking name
Serial killer, serial killer, serial killer

(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)

Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise!
Aw shit, yeah
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what?
Aight, well I brought some friends with me too

Now I ain't back just for the sake of just sayin' I'm back
I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black
out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac
Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin'
Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin'
Whoa-oh, I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin'
Uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble!
What's occurin' befo', after and durin the show
has no bearing on the bad news I'm baring, whoa
What is it, wordplay? No I'm pushin' you out the do'
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin feet 'til you get to squishin' a hoe
It's pandemo-nium standin' know when you see him, oh
Damn baby you look good, you're givin' me wood
You should, pull over like a sweat-shirt with a hood
It's neck work, get her polly on, you and me both
Break bread while I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf
Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass?
Who claims to be spittin' the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half!
So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' your ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the caucasian of rap
and Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazin than that?
Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at?

I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you
Lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon
Before I need to be hired, Jimmy Io' fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the linin'
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69'in
It's like Rick James is shootin up your house nigga!
FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA!
You're screamin' fuck the world with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shovin' my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit, for murder
because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel to O.J. to Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns
Blow your brains on your opposite ear, and ask you how your brain sounds
Bad, Evil, we go Alfred, immune in mad cerebral
You on your last burrito!
(What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eatin'
Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on FIRE, nobody touchin' that
Good day and good night, Ortiz yo where the FUCK you at?

I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years
ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a nightmare
Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares
I harbor the art, of you nice swear {?}
It's type weird cause that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishin' off his ninth beer
Homie chill, listen, I swear
I'm God, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears
I'm right here, why wouldn't I be?
Just waitin to be hooked to IV as {?} as well when you look at my pee
And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction
And record the pig's oink, when I rip his intestine
This isn't just an infection
This won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit
seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it
Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen
I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Emiddinem
So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgustin' hook
Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook?

I'm right here lettin' the shottie pop, quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop
Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop
Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped
I take your life to the ninth inning
A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winnin'
I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny
I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money
Man, all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches
then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala
I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas
As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah
Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun
I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con
A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam!
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flyin'
We do it to try to do without tryin'
(Slaughterhouse!) Cause to it's us it's so easy
Where's, Jumpoff Joe Beezy?

Yeah
Yo, let's bring it

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

Niggaz is so gangsta, niggaz is thugs
Niggaz'll spend their whole life peddlin drugs
Slanging dope in hopes of one day bein able
To own their own label and give the game up
Some niggaz came up, some just didn't
That's just the way it is, if it ain't meant it, it just isn't
Some niggaz'll get money and pay niggaz to back em
So they can act up, feel comfortable, and rap tough
And that's as backwards, 'cause them niggaz just gone keep coming back
And that's when extortion happens
You struggle to get free, I know how this shit be
You deal with anything to live legitimately
But you gone find if you do get in this industry
It's best to be business with me than against me
Niggaz get behind mics and ain't even MC's
Niggaz get on MTV just to diss me
This shit don't even piss me off
I'm laughin' all the way to the bank
Watchin the satellite from a Bentley
You niggaz don't even got a car
You're so far under my radar
I don't even know who the fuck you are
To tell you to suck my dick while I'm pissin
I don't even listen to your shit to know who the fuck I'm dissin
The media just feeds into these feuds
Tryin to add fuel to the fire. This little nigga, Ja Rule
Talking bout he's gonna slap me. Nigga please
You gotta jump and swing up to hit me in the knees
I laugh at these magazines when they interview em
All they doin is making fake threats to us through em
And pussy you're not Pac, I knew em
Pac was a real nigga, you just a fuckin insult to em
It's too bad we had to fallout before he passes
If he could see this shit now, he'd be whoopin your ass
You're talkin to a pioneer who engineered this shit for 19 years
Who you got in your ear? I don't even gotta say it, the fans know
Quit tryin to be tough, nigga, you look like a asshole

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

They say why don't we increase the peace
The only peace increased is that which deletes your peeps
'cause niggaz run mouths but they don't run streets
Till that 4 5 will cease the speech
Yeah it's a shame how the beef'll creep
Could've reached the peep, now you're left with a horrible leak
I'm tryin to be as bleak with my speech as possible
Just in case a nigga tryin to throw me an obstacle
Nigga, I'm not boxin you, I'm hospitable
I put you in a hospital, that's how I get at you
Let the doc op on you, he don't rid you?
You back on the streets? I send another hit at you
This is not a hypocritical issue
I will critical condition your tissue
Give a fuck if all ten of them wit you
I throw an extra ten of them missiles
Turn gangstas into gentlemen vicko
And ever since Eminem dissed you
I swear I see the women and bitch in you
All this bickering back and forth over who signs who
Curtis, pull your skirt up, nigga, you got murdered
Now take it like a man and shake it off. Damn
And quit tellin all these magazines your plans
How you gone slap up my mans, you're fictitious
Nigga, we send Stan to come murder your bitches

What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
Will you be as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?
I said What you gonna do when shit hits the fan?
Are you gonna stand and fight like a man?
And show us you're as hard as you say you are?
Or you gonna run and go get your bodyguard?

Hahahahahaha
Yeah, yeah
Go out behind all the gangstas you want, nigga
Matter fact, go get every gangsta from every hood
In the United States of America to back you, nigga
Ain't nobody rap wit you
You can't see that?
Fell off, nigga
Hahahahahaha
Damn, damn
Shady slash Aftermath, motherfucker
2003 to infin

Asalam aleikum, Joe
Whenever you're in Dubai, you have a zoo in the house
We got tigers called Tyga and Kylie
We living life

Yeah, ah, pulled up in the big boy drop, to the big boy yacht
Too many Patek Philippes to make the big boys watch
Villa suites in the Fendi Chateau
Now I ask big Meech what he know about Joe
Im fly like Ye, get mines with Jay
Got every pretty bitch trying to ride my wave
Gotta have slim waist and the face Sade
Lay up in the crib and menage all day
Went from nothing to something
Now I'm pushing the button
To the wraith and the jewelry
Like a safe
It's a hundred on the hate
When I'm zoned with on the cake
When I'm gone im gonna miss y'all
Like the gold on the crystal
Hit Avi, told him switch dials
Green prawns in Philippe Chow
It ain't shit to me
No Drake but the P is free
She got cake, well, it's something to see
Right?

All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
Ooh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm so excited
I got a new flex, add it to the cypher ?
Got a new flex and I'm so excited
Yeah, got a new flex and I know I like it

And I know I got head in a wraith
Well, it's outta this world
You don't believe me, then ask your girl
Keep it a hundred
All she wanted was a real nigga
I'm praying everyday not to kill niggas (blacca!)
Everything Fendi, from the lights to the sofa
Everybody fly, put the Fendi on the chauffeur
So sentimental, make her cry when it's over
Biggie hypnotize, still feel her thighs on my shoulder
Throw money at these hoes
But I don't do dances
Keep threesomes on my mind
Like the hat on the Chance kid
Woo! Yeah we back at the Grammys
And this time I'm bringing home three for the family
Right

All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
Ooh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm so excited
I got a new flex, add it to the cypher ?
Got a new flex and I'm so excited
Got a new flex and I know I like it

Hey
Bitch, so bad I could risk it all
If you don't want no problems
Boy, don't get involved
Now everything ain't Gucci
This a different star
I'm about to go Carmelo, boy, and risk it all
Bitch, so bad I could risk it all
If you don't want no problems
Boy, don't get involved
Now everything ain't Gucci
This a different star
I'm about to go Melo, ay!

All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
All I know is how to keep it super clear
Good head on your shoulder
Damn, it's super there
When you send a text, I get so excited
Yeah, I got a new flex, and I think I like it
Ooh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm so excited
I got a new flex, add it to the cypher ?
Got a new flex and I'm so excited
Got a new flex and I know I like it

Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West y'all)
Yeah, L.A. niggas
L.A. niggas rule the world nigga
Y'all niggas gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin?
Niggas don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, droppin' heat box on y'all bitch-ass
Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggas, connected all over the motherfucking world, nigga
Recognize this; peep game

Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd up from the feet up
Blue'd up from the shoe up's how I grew up
Loc'n, smokin' and drinkin' til we threw up (threw up)
At Leimert Park, taggin', hittin' fools up
Ditching my class, just to fuck yo' school up
You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up
But don't sleep, y'all niggas quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But Time Bomb much smoother when I maneuver, dope like Cuba
Got em jumpin Disciples to the Hoover

I'm coming "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha
Picture this, Dr. Dre twisting wit Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick {*BOOM*}
Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it
From sundown to sunup -- clown and run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what?

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move
They call me Hitt cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my max crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true
But I grew up where niggas jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your Turkish chain, C.K. B.K
Blue'd up or flame, I ran wit a gang
I helped niggas get, jacked for they Dana Dane's
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's
One-time's, sun-shines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian Thai, drive-bys, six-fo's on switches

I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF'
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hatin' on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touching mine you catch a flat-line, dead on the floor
Better than yours, driving away gettin' head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fuckin' with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie
What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health
Like puttin' a pistol up to your face and blastin' yourself

Five in the mornin', burglars at my do'
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let 'em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggas, who buy fifths by the fo'
And brew's by the case
SLAP YOU in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings wit Sedans and gold rings
Haters fold the style, but can't find no openings

We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

In L.A

That's how we ride

Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E (Guess who's back)
Still, still doing that shit, huh Dre?

Oh for sure, check me out
It's still Dre Day, A.K. nigga
Before I chrome the lot, can't keep it home a lot
'Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the trunk when I'm on the block
Ladies, they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How nigga my last album was "The Chronic"
They want to know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they want to know how I feel about it

If you ain't up on pace

Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still, puffing my leafs, still with the beats
Still not loving police (Uh huh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
Still got love for the streets, repping 213
Still the beat bangs, still doing my thang
Since I left, ain't too much changed, still

[Chorus]

I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl

Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E [Repeat 2x]

Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dipping again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life is like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat my rap like Cali weed, I smoke till I sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire till you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the troop
It's "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin' Cru
I'm still at it, After-mathematic
In the home of drivebys and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E

[Chorus]

It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on a corner with your fly bitch
Laid back in the shack, play this track
I'm representing for the gangsters all across the world
(Still hitting them corners in them low low's girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back

So if you ain't up on thangs

Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars
Still gonna get mine regardless

[Chorus]

Right back up in ya muthfuckin ass
'95 plus four pennies
Add that shit up, D-R-E right back on top of thangs
Smoke some with your dog
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky icky
Ooo Wee, put it in the air
For you's a fool D.R.

Stranded on Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit
I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits
The gangsta type, what I recites kinda lethal
Niggas know, the flow that I kick, there's no equal
I'm murdering niggas, yo, and maybe because of the tone
I kicks when I grip the mic and kick shit
Niggas can't fuck with
So remember I go hardcore, and slam
'Nough respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme
So any nigga that claim they bossing
What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson
Take a walk through the hood when we up to no good
Slanging them things like a real O.G. should,
I'm stacking and macking and packing a ten so
When you're slipping, I slip the clip in
But ain't no set tripping
'Cause it's Death Row, rolling like the mafia
Think about whooping some ass, but what the fuck stopping ya
Ain't nothing but a buster
I'm Stranded on Death Row for pumping slugs in motherfuckers
Now you know you're outdone
Feel the shotgun, Kurupt, inmate, cell block one

No prevention from this mention of sorts
You're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts
No extensions, all attempts are to fail
Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile
From the lunatic, I death like arsenic
When I kick up wicked raps
Dr. Dre will kick the scratch
With treachery, my literary form will blast
And totally surpass the norm
Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms
When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms
In this dimension, I'm the presenter
And the inventor, and the tormentor
Deranged, like the hillside strangler
MC mangler, tough like Wrangler
I write a rhyme, hard as concrete
Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite
So what you wanna do
The narrator RBX, cell block two

Rage, lyrical murderer
Stranded on Death Row
And now I'm serving a lifetime sentence
There'll be no repentance
Since it's the life that I choose to lead
I plead guilty
On all counts let the ball bounce where it may
It's just another clip into my AK
Buck em down with my underground tactics
Facts and stacks of clips on my mattress
Bed frame there's another dead pain
Laying lain with the shame, who's to blame
Me, the lady of Rage
On when I'm coming from the D-E-A-T-H in
R-O-W taking, no shit
So flip and you're bound to get dropped
It's 187 on motherfuckers don't stop
Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate
It's Rage, from cell block eight

Ayo stepping through the fog
And creeping through the smog
It's the number one nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg
Making videos, now I stay in Hollywood
Busting raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood
Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga
Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga
Shooting at the hoes with the game that I got
Sent to death row cause I wanted to make a grip from serving my rocks
And I'm still, serving for mines, peace
To my motherfucking homies doing time
In the pen and the county jail
Mobbing with your blues on, mad as hell
And you say yeah fuck the police
And all the homies on the streets is all about peace
And it's driving the cops crazy
But ain't nothing but a black thing bay-bee
No I'm not flagging, but I'm just sagging
I betcha don't wanna see the D-O double G
And you can't see, the D-R to the E
Or my motherfucking homey D.O.C.
You know you can't fuck with my motherfucking DJ
That's my homey and we call him Warren G
Yeah, and you don't stop
Doggy Dogg break em down with the motherfucking Dogg Pound
That's the only way we'll beat em man
We gotta smoke em, then choke em
Like the motherfucking peter man
It's like three and to the two
And two and to the one
Cell block four peace Doggy Dogg's done

Records... Mixer... Turntables... Speakers [Repeat x 2]
How... She [Repeat x 4]
How is she [Repeat x 4]
How... She [Repeat x 4]
How is he [Repeat x 4]

[Arabian Prince:]
Seven days a week, he's on call
To get the party people up off the wall
You'll fell motivated as he operates
'Cause' party energy is what she generates
He'll prescribe for you, her potent elixir
Two turntables, speakers, and a mixer
He'll rock your party wherever you be.
Calling Dr. Dre to surgery

[Arabian Prince:]
L.A. is the place for you to be
To witness Dr. Dre in surgery
He has a Ph. D in mixology to cut on the wheels so viciously.
Boom boom... Boom boom... Boom boom boom boom boom boom
Come here freak, closer and see.
To witness Dr. Dre in surgery

[Arabian Prince:]
Dr. Dre [Repeat x 4]
Dr. Dre Dre Dre, Dr. Dre [Repeat x 8]

Bop... Bop bop bop... Bop...
Bop bop bop. Bop. Bop. Bop bop bop. Bop. 
Bo-bop bop bop... Bop bop. Bop bop. 
Bop bop. Bop bop bop.
Uh... Ahh [Repeat x 16]
Records... Mixer... Turntables... Speakers [Repeat x 2]

[Yella:]
Dr. Dre
[Dr.Dre:]
Yo
Dr. Dre
[Dr. Dre:]
What, what, what, what is it?
[Yella:]
Dr. Dre
[Dr. Dre:]
Yo
[Yella:]
Dr. Dre
[Dr. Dre:]
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo

[Yella:]
Man the freaks, man, man, man the freaks ain't freaky
Man, man, man the freaks ain't freaky
Man the freaks ain't freaky
Man the freaks ain't freaky
Man the freaks ain't freaky
Dre talk

[Computer:]
Now that control is back you see
It's time for the remix of surgery
So get on down at this time don't be late
To witness Dr. Dre as he operates. Check it out!

[Dr. Dre]
I'm Dr. Dre, gorgeous hunk of a man
Doing tricks on the mix like no others can
The nurses say I'm cute, they say I'm fine
But you betta beware 'cause' I'll blow your mind
I'll take you to my car I'll take you to my home
Ans up and down your body my finger will roam
The nurses say that I'm nasty they say that I'm mean
But when you come to my pad your guaranteed to scream
Ahahahaha!

Time to snap out of it, welcome to the real world
My life like a Hitchcock flick, stick to the script
If she can't stick to the script, stick to this dick
How she actin off of the fifth?  Ridiculous shit
We don't need conversation, just crowd participation
If you here on vacation we got, rules and regulations
Seperate myself from y'all, segregation
Tryin to stop Xzibit and Dre?  Humiliation
Pure elevation, got me some inspiration
Two bitches in bubble baths, a beautiful invitation
Got a live occupation, live for the moment
I'm faced with an altercation manhandlin my opponents
I got eyes in the back of my head
I never sleep so they bloodshot red
Yo we so far ahead of our time
If we can stop life and press rewind
You still wouldn't catch up 'til 2K and a dime, so turn it up


Turn it up! Turn it up
This is it! This is it
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!
Give a fuck Give a fuck
Who you wit Who you wit
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!

Truthfully speakin, it's lonely up here all by myself
So I had to come down and pass around some help
From N.W.A to whatever's next
Make sure it says ANDRE YOUNG in bold letters on big checks
Your shit ain't sellin?  Fuck it, get Dr. Dre on it
You got a budget?  I'll get down, give me half of it
One session, one song, I'm gone
The first week, you hit the streets, a star is born
to add to my universe - let me show you
who can invade who nigga, and who can do who the worst
Warning from the Surgeon General
Watch out for fake hits and bullshit that sounds identical
Pick it up, read the credits, who you thought it was?
Twenty years in the game, with a constant buzz
Pick a year, any year, see how hot I was
Same shit today, and still don't give a fuck!

Turn it up! Turn it up
This is it! This is it
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!
Give a fuck Give a fuck
Who you wit Who you wit
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!

Stay.. in your place Stay in your place nigga
You can't face, what we bringin
What we bring to the game, playa
Bounce like this Bounce Bounce like this
Blaze your shit Blaze your shit
And get high for meeeeeeee

Let me give y'all niggaz somethin to hold
This product not to be sold
Know you can't cook it over a stove
You can flip it and come back with a mitt
Don't make me reach through your limo tint
I just want my twenty percent
This is dedicated to the people that spoke too soon
I think I'll stop shootin you niggaz and shoot for the moon
Motherfuckers turn respect on and off like a light switch
I'll never be seen, like Farrakhan fuckin a white bitch
Jump I won't flinch, dump I don't miss
X holdin this, I'm never losin faith or focus
So say what you gotta say, every day a holiday
We don't blow the roof, we blow the whole fuckin spot away 
Organize permission like, organized crime
Organized minds, organize they nickels and dimes
Organized vocab be organizing my rhymes
Organizing my business and organizing my time, so turn it up

Turn it up! Turn it up
This is it! This is it
We the shit We the shiiiiiiiiiit Get with it!
Give a fuck Give a fuck
Who you wit Who you wit
Turn it up! Turn it uppppppppppp Get with it!

I don't give one fuck, off the top I wish a nigga would try me
Real shit, y'all counterfeit, y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, I'm all about Fort Knox, nigga
Ride through your neighborhood
Throwin' money out the window like what!
You about the dollar
(No, no, nothin' bout it)
Yo poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no no no, I ain't even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hol' up if you really bout it
Tell these motherfuckers we don't even wanna talk about it, what

I don't know everything
But one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream
I want it all

I just bought California
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
MVP shit, this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough, I want it all
God dammit, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner too
If you wanna beef, make sure that that's somethin' you wanna do
There's some missin' people that felt that way too

I don't know everything
But one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream
I want it all

What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here, you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem, I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fuckin' with me
I murder rappers everyday, til' police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve to have breast niggas
Crying bout my old girl, but ain't how I left niggas
Try and get my Xbox, Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chainin'
If this was you, your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless, I'm just off the record
But I mean it, kept my blessings
We was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

I don't know everything
But one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream
I want it all

Listen
I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch, I'ma show em how to get involved
Yeah I want everything, yeah I want everything
Talk about it
Hol' up if you really bout it
Tell these motherfuckers we don't even wanna talk about it, what

I just need y'all to try to bear with me for a minute
While I talk about the pages of my diary
Listen up

I remember when I got started my intention was to win
But a lot of shit changed since then
Some old friends became enemies in the quest of victory
But I made a vow, never let this shit get to me
I let it pass, so I consider that part of my history
And I'm strong, financially, physically
Mentally I'm on a whole 'nother level
And don't forget that I came from the ghetto
Sold a new house for my moms, that's special
I let you going shopping till your feet get tired
Then a new Benz just for you to ride in
When I didn't have it, you provided
Don't be surprised that I built an enterprise
And my house got a view of the city like a highrise
I'm just talking to my diary, I'm just talking to my diary

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary

Now puff-puff-pass got a nigga having flashbacks
I remember how it used to be
Now my money like NASDAQ, my checks you can cash that
I remember how it used to be

I used to be a starving artist so I would never starve an artist
This is my passion, it's where my heart is
It gets the hardest when I think about the dearly departed
Like the nigga I started with
I know Eazy can see me now, looking down through the clouds
And regardless, I know my nigga still proud
It's been a while since we spoke but you still my folks
We used to sit back, laugh and joke
Now I remember when we used to do all-nighters
You in the booth and Cube in the corner writing
Where Ren at? Shout out to my nigga Yella
Damn, I miss that
Shit, a nigga having flashbacks

When I open up my book I think about the world later
No ink in the pen, no lines on the paper
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
Sometimes when I got a lot of shit on my mind
I'm just staring at the sky, you probably thinkin' I'm high
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary
I'm just, I'm just, I'm just talking to my diary

Damn, it seems its always something with the fucking TV, man
Motherfucking cable off, shit, I make it
Hey, bring me something to drink
Yeah, the motherfucking crazy was to do, I don't worry
Damn, ain't shit on this motherfucker
Oh shit, what the fuck is this?

Hey, motherfuckers, welcome back to The $20 Sack Pyramid,
I'm your host, motherfucking OG Henny Loc
And we're back with our two final contestants,
Duck motherfucking Mouth and Bootny Lee Farnsworth.
They'll be playin for a $20 sack of indo
And a $35 gift certificate to the Compton Swap Meet.
Alright y'all bitches got 30 seconds to answer five motherfucking questions.
Lonnie, you're ready with that clock? Well, let the games begin

Alright, man, we got to do this shit, man
Hell yeah, man. Fuck that, the whole neighborhood is watching and everybody's watching
We can do this shit right now
We got to do this shit right now, ok, you ready?
Hell yeah, man, come on
I'm ready
I'm ready, let's go

Indo, cavvy, buddha
(Shit, shit I used to sell?)
Hocus-pocus
(Oh, things that people smoke?)
Right! That's it, that's it

Oh, "Fuck me in the ass"
Oh, "Step to me and let me suck your dick"
(Oh, things that Tim Dog was saying)
Yeah, that's it right there
(Come on keep going, man, hurry up)

VCR's, TVs and shit,
All them socks and shit,
Oh, that box in your room and shit
(Oh, oh, shit I came up on loot?)
That's it, that's it right there
(Yeah, that's it come on hurry up, man, hurry up)

En Vogue, Halle, Halle, Halle Berry
(Shit, bitches? Oh, bad bitches?)
Oh, your Auntie Clarisse
(Oh, bitches I want to fuck?)
That's it right there, that's it
(Come on, hurry up we got five seconds)
OK, OK "I know Doc"
"Dre going to do my music and shit"
"Snoop and me, we go to the Swap Meet"
(Oh, oh, I know, I know, things that niggas be saying to get the pussy?)
That's it, that's it right there, that's it, that's it

Give me my motherfucking weed, give me my motherfucking weed!
It's alright, baby!
Give me my weed, give me my $35 to go to the motherfucking Swap Meet, bitch

I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money

Yeah!...here we go.
It's a new day, but it all feels old
It's a good life, that's what I'm told 
But everything, it all just feels the same
At my high school, it felt more to me like a jail cell, a penitentiary
My time spent there it only made me see

That I don't ever want to be like you 
I don't want to do the things you do
I'm never gonna hear the words you say
And I don't ever wanna.
I don't ever want to be.you.
Don't want to be just like you
What I'm saying is this is the anthem
Throw all your hands up you.
Don't want to be you

Go to college, a university, get a real job
That's what they said to me 
But I could never live the way they want
I'm gonna get by and just do my time
Out of step while they all get in line
I'm just a minor threat, so pay no mind

Do you really want to be like them,
Do you really want to be another trend,
Do you want to be part of that crowd
Cause I don't ever wanna.
I don't ever want to be you.
Don't want to be just like you
What I'm saying is.this is the anthem
Throw all your hands up.you.
Don't want to be you.

(Shake it once, that's fine, shake it twice that's okay.
Shake it 3 times your playing with yourself again.)

You.
Don't want to be just like you,
What I'm saying is..this is the anthem
Throw all your hands up
Why'll got the feeling, sing if you're with me you.
Don't want to be just like you (just like you)
This is the anthem, throw all your hands up
Why'll got the feeling, sing if your with me
Another loser anthem (whoa) 4x

And now, the car bomb

Yo, Re-Re, come on man, let's get the fuck up out of here, man

I'm comin' baby, all right speedy
I'm coming, damn!
Took a motherfuckin' hour to get dressed
I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker
I wanna be in and out. Now, don't fuck around over here

And baby, I'm lookin' good right? I'm lookin' good, it was worth the while

I'm sayin', fuck that man
I'm tryin' to get the fuck up out of here, man

Yo, yo yo, hold it, hold it! 
Wassup, this your? 
Them your people right there?
You know those motherfuckers right there?

No nigga, I don't know them peoples, you paranoid

What the fuck they lookin' at? 
I'm sayin' you ain't seen the motherfuckers 
Ridin' past lookin' all at me and shit!

Nigga you trippin', lets go, 
Scary-ass nigga you hidin' somethin', let's keep it movin'

Man, fuck that man, get in the car, man

Aw, Goddamn

Told you dont fuck around over here and shit

Whatever

Damn, what the fucks up with this shit?

You didn't put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker, 
Goddamn! 

I just got a tune-up the other day, man
My shit all that

Ha ha ain't this a bitch, pined-out Pete.
Let's keep, oh my goodness

Man, shut the fuck up, 
Let me start my motherfuckin' shit

Fuck you, nigga, take me

This is dedicated to the niggas that was been down from day one
Welcome to Death Row
Like we always do about this time
Ha ha ha yeah

9 deuce
Death Row Records
Creeping while ya sleeping
Niggas wit attitudes
Naw loc
Niggas on a motherfucking mission

What up niggas and nigga-ettes
That crazy-ass niggas back
In the motherfucking hizz-ouse
The notorious Compton G
D.R.E.
On the solo tip
Fuck the mother-foes
What up Ren
Yeah

Dropping chronic flakes on yo ass bitch
West coast flavor
Niggas that talk shit
Get delt wit real quick
So if you wanna take a trip to the row
Let a nigga like Snoop Doggy Dogg know

Protected by niggas wit big dicks, A.K.'s, and 187 skills
So if it's a must you test us
We can handle it in the streets nigga

Fuck making records
Yeah
G's up hoes down
If that bitch can't swim
She bound the drizzown

Peace to my nigga Drizzae
Another platinum hit nigga
Peace to the D.O.C.
Still making it funky enough
And Death Row records is in full motherfucking affizzect

Oh yeah
P.S. fuck Mr. Rork and tattoo
A.K.A. Jerry and EaZy
Sincerely yours
These motherfucking nuts

I don't love Eazy
I don't love Jerry
I don't love Ruthless records
Frankly I don't love nothing they got to do with
But you know what I want you the do for me
Jerry and Eazy

Check this shit out right here
I want y'all ta put these bizzalls
In ya jizzaws
And walk um like a strizzaw

Tell me what ya sizzaw
Yeah
Y'all know what
Fuck all y'all
Fuck y'all
Really though
It's Death Row nigga

You better ask somebody
You really better ask somebody
Yeah nigga
You'se a penguin looking motherfucker

I'ma say this and I'ma end mine.
If you ain't down for the Africans here in the United States, period point blank.
If you ain't down for the ones that suffer in South Africa
From apartheid and shit. Damn it you need to
Step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us Africans step in
And start putting some funk in that ass

Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something

I got my finger on the trigger so niggas wonder why
But living in the city it's do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger so niggas wonder why
But living in the city it's do-or-die

They wonder where me bailing and don't really understand
The reason why me take me law in me own hand
Me not out for peace and me not Rodney King
Me gun goes click, me gun goes bang
Them riot in Compton and them riot in Long Beach
Them riot in they Lakers and don't really wanna see
Niggas start to loot and police start to shoot
Lock us down at seven o'clock, barricade us like Beirut
Me don't show no love cause it's us against them
Them never ever love me cause it's sport to break the,
And kill at my own risk if I may
Delay to spray with my AK and put it to rest

Yes we have. There have been riots, rioting, well I don't wanna say
Rioting but there's been looting downtown, but right now Bree, what I want
To show you is, they have started fires down at the end of the street

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
I said how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9

What they told us today, in other words,
You're still a slave. No matter how
Much money you got, you still ain't shit

Sitting in my living room calm and collected
Feeling that gotta get mine perspective
'Cause I just heard broke me in half
And half the niggas I know, plus the niggas on the Row, is bailing
Laugh now but cry much later
Ya see when niggas get together they get mad cuz they can't fade us
Like my niggas from South Central, Los Angeles
They find that they couldn't handle us
Bloods, Crips on the same squad
With the Ese's thumpin, nigga it's time ta rob and mob
(And break the white man off somthing lovely, biddy-bye-bye
I don't love them so they can't love me)
Yo straight putting down getting my scoot on
Let's jump in off in Compton so I gots ta get my loot on
And come up on me some furniture or something
Got a VCR
In the back of my car
That I ganked from the Slauson Swap Meet
And motherfuckers better not try to stop me
'Cause they will see that I can't be stopped
'Cause I'ma cock my Glock and pop til they all drop

There has been videotape and you can see of the, aah, some of the crowd
Throwing things at the officers
And swinging at them as well. Like there was a young woman there.
You see she took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand

How many niggas are ready to loot?
Yeah, so what you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
I said how many niggas are ready to loot?
Got myself an Uzi and my brother a 9

I got my finger on the trigger so niggas wonder why
But living in the city it's do-or-die
I got my finger on the trigger so niggas wonder why
But living in the city it's do-or-die

One-time trigger happy, no nigga love
187 time, time to grab the glove
Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away
Or get prints so my Uzi witta spray
POP POP POP another motherfucker drop
And I get relief like Pop, pop, fizz.
Smash, I crashed his head like a window
I ain't no dead do', I'm high off the indo
Creeping with the quickness to the cut
Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut
And cracker so now he best to back up
I guess I gots ta pack up, filling the clip up, I zip up-
Town, the motherfucking cops are all around
Helicopters flying
These motherfuckers trying
To catch me and stretch me on Death Row
But hell no's the poor black refuse to go

This is now covers a very, very wide area of Los Angeles where these
Fires have been, aah, ignited. I mean, from here to the, aah, to the south
End of South Central is a long way

Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something
Break em off something

The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall
Niggas don't give a fuck so them bust and before
Niggas backing up three black shows
No justice so they copied ya right
And here I am again, me, turn the other cheek, me
Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights
So me bust, flick cause he don't give a fuck
And me don't give a fucking of my problems
In with their fuck fuck

Blak blam, blam to them fall
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg, biddy-bye
Dr Dre him bust gun shots
Diggity Daz and RBX them bust gun shots
Come again!

Yes may I help you

Hello I had a 12 o' clock appointment with Dr. Dre

Well Dr. Dre is with another patient right now
Would you like to reschedule

Reschedule um it must be a mistake
I must see him I had a 12 o'clock appointment

No it's no mistake
Look Dr. Dre is with another patient either you can wait or reschedule

Look I understand all of that

No apparently you don't understand

You know I'm a working person and

And I work too

Just where is Dr. Dre
I need to see him

Well open up the door and you'll see his big dick fuckin somebody

This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P
A message to God

Since you finishin' 'em early, what posessed you to start him?
We made a vow later we'll regret 'til death do us part
Lord, I thought we was made for each other
You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other
Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was
I'll never last, 'cause my better half is up there with you
You knew what you was doin' when you made us; so with all due respect
You coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him
He can take the game with him, 'cause he defines the word
The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it?
I'm feelin like my whole world is blinded wonderin' why
Cryin', pourin' out my heart, pourin' out liquor behind it
We fought like brothers, somethin' we never should do
We coulda used time spent arguin tellin' the truth
He had talent too, I had plans on watchin' him grow
Don't know what hurts more - seein' him leave, or watchin him go

Listen
Listen
Listen
Listen

If you wonder why (why I live my life)
The way that I do ('cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (don't worry, don't worry worry)
I'm just hustlin' everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper

You'se a soldier, you're probably packin heat up there
Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there
If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew
I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm goin through it with you
We lost a thug, a son, and a father
I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him
The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file
Cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial
Prayin' you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt
You either quit, or you gon' play 'em like you get it
I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keepin a poker face
To straight breakin down and showin' all emotions
I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry
If that's the truth, then I'm realizin I ain't no gangsta
It's just not me, but you know I'mma always ride wit you
I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died wit' you

Listen
Listen
Listen
Listen

If you wonder why (why I live my life)
The way that I do ('cause I got to get this money)
So don't worry about me (don't worry, don't worry worry)
I'm just hustlin' everyday, runnin this race, makin this paper

Yeah, yeah, ah oh listen
Mm
If you don't know why I, you gotta listen up right now
Listen, listen, listen, listen
Ooh
Listen, listen
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Yeah
Listen
Listen, children listen
I'm tryin' to tell you somethin' good
Don't get caught up in the hood
Yeah hah, yeah hah, aooh
If you don't know why
You gotta find out the reason why
Brother brother

La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
(Yeah yeah yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker!)
What what what what?
(So blaze the weed up then!)
Blaze it up, blaze it up!
(Just blaze that shit up nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop??)

Top Dogg, bite em all, nigga burn the shit up
D-p-g-c my nigga turn that shit up
C-p-t, L-B-C, yeah we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggaz drug dealers yeah they givin it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party fo' sho'
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin, crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S you'll be relievin' your stress

La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E. (Dr. Dre motherfucker!)
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

Straight off the fuckin streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin' whoopty whoop nigga whut?
Dre and Snoop chronic'ed out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (what hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside (wessyde)
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, somethin' to poke on (whassup bitch?)
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

Hold up, wait
For my niggaz who be thinkin' we soft
We don't, play
We gon' rock it til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggaz who be actin too bold
Take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey ey
Smoke weed everday!

May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will, The Real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat will, The Real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her a** worse than before
They first were divorce, throwin' her over furniture
It's the return of the, "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said, nothing you idiots
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement!
Feminist women love Eminem
Chigga chigga chigga, "Slim shady, I'm sick of him

Look at him, walkin' around grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who, yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on T.V. and just let loose, but can't
But it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss"
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is

Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the discovery channel don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals", well, some of us cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

I'm slim shady, yes I'm the real shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records
Well I do, so f*** him and f*** you too
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
S***, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first

You little b****, put me on blast on M.T.V
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, he-he!"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
So I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a f*** like me
Who dress like me, walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing but not quite me

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just s*** it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like Valiums

It's funny, 'cause at the rate I'm going when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursin' home flirting
Pinchin' nurses a**es when I'm jackin' off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin' but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a slim shady lurkin'
He could be workin' at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parkin' lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a f***!"
With his windows down and his system up

So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't The Real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
F*** it, let's all stand up

As the wheels turn city to city, hundred-spoke
Chronic smoke, twist up another Phillie (Done dilly)
(Them niggas still trippin' off that old shit) Really? (How silly)
It's a whole nother day (Yeah it is)
Snoop Dogg (and Doc Motherfuckin' Dre) Nigga can ya feel this?
It's the D-O-double, ya don't run up ya won't see no trouble
If you caught up in these fuckin' streets
Who you gon' call when them niggas gettin' ready to blast?
Yeah, and if that shit's gettin' ugly
Who you gon' call when them niggas come to get in ya ass?

I came to get in that ass, Bigg Di-Dogg, push the big hid-ogg
You're hoppin' and poppin', how bout you hop up off my bid-alls
Got dirt on my pid-aws, I broke a few lid-aws
It really don't matter cause I'm only here to spit on
And get on and shit on niggas
Do it to 'em D-O-double, right on nigga
I'm saggin' it, baggin' it, slangin' dubs
You motherfuckers think The Wash is all soap and suds?
What's up cuz?

If you tryin' to get a dub sack page me
The hoes say "Dee Loc, you so crazy"
Poppin' that shit don't faze me
I need my chips and the dip, it's like gravy

Now back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is expected and I'm feelin' that demand
Los Ange', broad day gunnin'
That ain't no earthquake it's just Dre comin'
If this shit ain't played the party ain't bumpin'
If I don't show up the hoes ain't fuckin'
(Real talk) Cali sunshine, come visit
Just don't stop at stop signs with bullet holes in it
All-Star League, you ridin benches
I handle my business, fuck fake niggas
I sell game a quarter million a track
Snoop and the Good Doc back with a brand-new sack
Shit's wrong, money gone, I'll blast
Out of town, out of bounds, no pass
Runnin' up, talkin' shit, get smashed
(Shoot first) Ask questions last

Fallin' back on that ass
Hit the switch and let the ass just drag
2001, 2002 tags, my nigga what you holdin'?
Step out with the Stacey's and the Snoop Dogg Clothin'
Rollin', with the braids in my hair
Cripped out, way pimped out, oh yeah
You gots to pay the cost to be the boss
After all that dirt I gots to get my shit washed (The Wash)

The Wash
The Wash

Hey what's happening baby
I'm the one who needs no introduction
'Cause I'm the world class doctor
The master of seduction
I can heal all your ills
And give you extreme delight
But only if you allow me
To turn off the lights

Before you turn off the lights
Let's get one thing understood
If you plan to make love to me
You've got to do it good
'Cause I'm a hell of a woman
And for me it takes a hell of man
So don't you dare turn off the lights
Unless this you understand

Yes, my name is Shakespeare
A world class poet
So kick back and relax yourself baby
Let me pour you a glass of Moet
Darkness will be your blessing
As I bring you extreme delight
But first you must allow me, Shakespeare
To turn off the lights click

Don't turn off the lights
Unless you'll love me right
You hear what I'm saying
'Cause boy I'm not playing
Don't turn off the light
Unless you plan on staying

And of course, I'm DJ Yella
The mixologist of the crew
And I would just love
To mix bodies with you
Your lips I would kiss
Your body I would hold tight
But only if you allow me
Check this out
To turn off the lights

Like a male exotic dancer for you I'd dance
With nothing but a g-string on my hip
Your kiss and touch I'd slowly collect
For they'd be my tip
There's parts of your body I'd slowly kiss
And others I'd gently bite
But first, you must allow me, Lonzo
To turn off all the lights

Staying

Sam (Dre):
(I heard Sam was going solo) God damn, you didn't know so,
well I can blast fast so freak an ill type of slow flow.
I'm hitting harder than Berry Boss so check the golden child,
throwing it to your ear-hole, got you going buck wild.
But truck-tracks, rhymes all day, breaking off niggaz proper,
did dirt, did West cause I clown coppers (yeah).
Do hip-hop, rap, compose 'em most, I couldn't see me,
mad advanced and my skills are all about the dollar bills.
From Pittsburgh to Cali dropping bombs like that,
was on the D.L. with the squad so I couldn't hold it back.
Black, I regulate I buzz a big gate figure,
mobbing with the ill nigga, with his finger on a bigger trigger.
Serving all (saps), hitting sevens on the (simps),
making do', eating shrimps, locing with some real pimps (yeah).
So peep game, best believe I love my peeps
that's why I make the type of music you can pump in your jeeps
(that's right).
So buck my sound, I put it down for the underground,
I got the women cause I'm slamming, jamming.
Got it going on this time for this new producer to rise,
so open your eyes, I think you better recognize.

Dre: (Sam)
Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x)

Sam: (Dre)
I remember days on the blocks where I slang slung played punk cops
and mad props cause I ran with hard rocks (yeah).
From napalms to Uzi's I made G's (say what?),
them build up enough Luther by keys.
No gang affiliation, yo I stood on my own to pulling capers
I'm a sneaky slick nigga, I never had to pull the trigger (right).
I mack, and on top and that I'm used to staying wicked with just 24-7,
you can ask my ex-hooker.
But now I'm on some new improved shit,
making hits, stacking chips, now everything's legitimate.
I flipped the scrip a long time ago, on the five-o,
when I had to scope with this new way to make my cash flow (uhm).
Yes indeedy, I wasn't greedy, got my niggaz out the gutter,
now they're rolling with the Sam Sneezy.
Hip hop fanatic causing static in the industry,
these whack creators, I call 'em imitators (ah yeah).
Been trying to see me, but see I'm unexplainetory,
with the fame and glory, that's why I gotta tell my story.
With no disguise, a lot of niggaz despise,
because I'm on an uprise, so I think you better recognize.

Dre: (Sam)
Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x)
(Think you better recognize) (2x)

Sam: (Dre)
Well I'm back in the mix with a bottle of hennessy,
so fire up a blunt let's have an end of the sanity.
Crazy shot outs giving pounds to all my niggaz,
hitting all the hookers by the dozen, cause they dig us (trick).
Fuck what you've heard, recognize what you be seeing,
it's time to earn truth to the game human being.
I'm that little bass nigga trying to get mine, fuck a nine,
cause I'll incline with the mastermind.
I got my crew in my corner so I can't loose,
cause I'm paying mad douze in this record biz, I don't snooze.
And suckers be popping at those idiotic egosytible type of flimflam,
I can't be faded Sam-am.
Playing with the hustlers never dealing with the knucklehead bollers,
cause boys play with toys and scholars play with dollars.
I'm a mack of my own right, plus my game is tight,
baby get it right, I ain't the one, so take flight.
Bitches give my mad rep, nothing but the brazen off tempo,
thinking they can get my loot, I never trip to knock the boots.
I gotta be wise, when time to dip between the thies,
all eyes on the price, so I think you better recognize.

Dre: (Sam)
Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x)
Once again it's the man with the masterplan,
they call him Sam and I (think you better recognize) (2x)

[Xzibit]
Most niggaz get it confused right?  Huh
They think it's all chronic and palm trees out this muh'fucka
Bitches and bikinis, listen, huh

Some niggaz is better left alone
I place you underneath the very ground you walkin on
And ain't no children in this motherfucker, drop your tone
Ain't got no business even FUCKIN with no microphones
So yo it's me against the world, and ain't got shit to lose
My heavy artillery built to make the masses move
I carry tools that'll pick you up and out your shoes
Xzibit bringin new meanin to alcohol abuse
I want to fall up in the spot where all the bitches at
Holdin somethin heavy to help you straighten out your back
A couple of drinks and I bend you over the kitchen sink
So what you think I owe you somethin bitch for fuckin me?
(BITCH) Get a grip, misery love company, check it
Xzibit show you the difference between real life and makin a record
Makin the moves and connections that you never expected
What good is money and the fame if you never respected?
Check it out

[Chorus]
You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets
(You get involved, you gettin slapped with the heat nigga)
Don't be actin like your shit don't stink (c'mon)
y'all ain't fuckin with X
You know, we roll so fuckin deep
(Yeah round after round in the middle of the street niggaz)
Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink

[Xzibit]
Yo, I ain't afraid of them fuckin invisible gats
you always bringin out in your raps
My shit'll quickly make you fold and collapse
My goal to strictly takin over the map, by any means
Hustle and make more tracks than a her-on fiend
Keep my enemies on a first name basis
and hate them niggaz like a skinhead racist
Chuck Taylors and fat laces
Stompin hoes through y'all turf
I hurt worse than actual childbirth
A chick can suck my dick til the big squirt (AH-AHH!)
The song work, so ain't no playin wit us
Findin out where you rest your head and I'm sprayin it up
The remains that's left behind can probably fit in a cup
You pressin your luck, you makin yourselves easy to touch
I'm from the home of the hit 'em up, only two ways
You droppin some shells or you get 'em up, back in the days
there was a time there was this woman that I want to keep up
but nowadays when I see you I'm just tryin to fuck
so check it out

[Chorus]
You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets
(The king of these West coast gangsta beats, niggaz)
Always droppin off nothin but straight heat
so stay the fuck out of the way
You know, we roll so fuckin deep
(Round after round in the middle of the street niggaz)
Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink
y'all ain't fuckin with Dre

[Dr. Dre]
Thangs just ain't the same since he came out
Two thousand and one, came blew the game out
I heard you was hot {*huff*} blew your flame out
And got the nerve to believe you hold the same clout?
I thought I told you, keep my name out of your fuckin mouth
(But Dr. Dre!) See that's exactly what I'm talkin bout
That shit right there, that's all day long
Just don't stop, I gots to be alone at the top
Forever ready loaded and locked, with niggaz that'll circle yo' block
and let 'em pop til some bodies get dropped
It's Doc Holiday in the flesh
(Still) hold it down, represent, resurrect the West
(Still) holdin ground, touchin down, with my nigga X
(Still) send a couple through yo' chest if you disrespect
Dr. Dre comin back (shit) I never left
The number one ranked highest paid celebrity guest
That's eight digits, motherfuckers

[Chorus]
You know, who's runnin these fuckin streets
(You get involved, you gettin slapped with the heat nigga)
Don't be actin like your shit don't stink (c'mon)
y'all ain't fuckin with X
You know, we roll so fuckin deep
(Yeah round after round in the middle of the street niggaz)
Cause you're actin like your shit don't stink (YO)
y'all ain't fuckin with X

(Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)
I see them niggas
You see them niggas?
I see them niggas

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate, waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (wait) waitin' to hate

Get your ride on, ride on
This ain't the day for you to die on, die on
I'm a nigga that they lie on, lie on
See these shoes you want to try on, try on
Yo, we can go to war with the enemy
All we need is A.K.s and Hennessy
This ain't back in the days of Tennessee
Pull the trigger and release the energy [shots]
See muthafuckas run till they catch one
In the back, and it might cause a cardiac
Bitch act like he died and we brought him back
Him screamin' for his mama and his sister pack
Flatline
These niggas want to act like
They ain't never had a full can of act-right
Make me pull out my gat, right
And smoke his mothafuckin' ass like a crackpipe

So what you sayin', muthafucka?
We ain't playin', muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin', muthafucka?
We ain't playin', muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate, waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (hate)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate

Get your smoke on, smoke on
Here's another verse to choke on, choke on
To all my niggas in the pen, get your yoke on
To all my thugs in the house, get your loc on
We can really give a fuck about a broke home
All we care about is bitches we can poke on
Nigga, what's that bullshit that you spoke on?
Better roll on 'fore we split your whole dome
Cause you're fuckin with Ice Cube the Terrible
Fuck around, I make your life unbearable
Make you live all scary and careful
Come through my neighborhood, you better tip-toe
Cause if you loud, then you might get chased down
Westside Connection catch a case now
Po-po's find your monkey ass face down
Tell your mama that you in a better place now

So what you sayin', muthafucka?
We ain't playin', muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate (look at them bitches)

(Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)
'You can hate me now'
(Ain't no 'California Love') Ah-ah (Love) (Love)

To all my niggas with the lleyo
They rock it up like Play-Doh
They cook it up like Waco
Better do what I say so
Better lay low, cause you fuckin with a halo
Death to the niggas with the big mouth
And death to you devils from the Old South
And death to you hoes turnin tricks out
And death everyone that go the bitch route
Check it
If you infected by this record
Bow down butt-naked
And pray to God
Ice Cube won't spare the rod
Westside Connection here to mob, nigga, rob
We can take it to the streets
We can take it to the concrete
You niggas know where the Don be
You bitches ain't tryin to find me
All you haters need to shut the fuck up and get behind me

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (look at 'em)
Waitin' to hate (look) waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (ugh)
Waitin' to hate (ugh) waitin' to hate

So what you sayin', muthafucka?
We ain't playin', muthafucka'
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin', muthafucka?
We ain't playin', muthafucka'
A.K.'in muthafuckas

This is dedicated 
To them haters
Who ain't gon' kill nothin'
And who ain't gon' let nothin' die
You know em
You know em
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collar
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collar

Yeah!
Uh uhh uh-uhh, boom boom boom
D-R-E!
Say it with me niggaz, boom boom
And Jay-Z!
Boom boom boom boom
What the fuck?!
Boom boom boom boom
Watch me!
Jigga-Man, ya heard?  Boom boom boom
Brooklyn, ya heard?  Boom boom booom
Compton!
Gotti Gotti ya heard?  Yo,
C'mon!

You gotta, pop that styles, rock that watch dial
See that Benz?  Cop that now
Drop-that-top-down, they gon' kill us anyway
Them cops uptown hit holmes with forty-one rounds
Live yo' life, get yo' ice
She been with you since day one nigga, trick on yo' wife
Spend that dough, when in doubt, take that trip
She ain't livin for the moment homey shake that bitch
He that cool, he can't take you nowhere?  Then leave that fool
Be that rude if he that cool
Save for what?  Ball til your days is up
This place is fucked, all type of AIDS and such
How they make it where you afraid to fuck
They gave us drugs then turned around and investigated us
Life is short, then you on life support
So in between it all I'ma say I seen it all, watch me

Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (uhh, watch me)
At any, chance you hit (that's right) we live for the moment
(yo, watch, watch) Makes sense don't it?  Now make dollars
(Watch me)You see me around some cheese
(Watch me)See me with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me)Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed
(Watch me)At the bar baby, round's on me
(Watch me)

Watch me turn somethin out of nothin, turn platinum from gold
Watch me light the Cohiba off the Viking stove
I take an empty bank account, fill it with oh's
I take an empty building then I fill it with hoes
Watch me, cop that Coupe, shine for the ladies
Have em sayin, "Damn I never seen a watch that blue"
And while they still mesmerized I pop that cooch'
Shit, law enforcement couldn't stop that dude
Guess who?  Fresh off of "Volume 2"
Back at you, peep the numbers my album do
They call me Cham-pagne-hovah, wake up with a hangover
When y'all think the game's over, do the same thing over
Still with the same soldiers
Still gettin brain and it's plain ain't a thang gon' change over
Hop out the truck, hand on my cock and nuts
Who got the bank, I'm stoppin it up, watch me

Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (watch me)
At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it?  Now make dollars
(Watch me)You see me around some cheese
(Watch me)Hangin with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me)Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed
(Watch me)At the bar bitch, round's on me
(Watch me)

Yo the watch too rocky, need shades
Continental sittin on blades, spinnin like waves
Gun too Brock-y, behave
Big shot, plus I'm feelin like Rocky these days
Ice don't melt I could ski through a heatwave
Nights won't help you see Jay, it'll be day
My shit too bright, I rip through mics
Plus I push more powder than Crystal Light
Chick mad, said I hold my pistol too tight
Get a grip bitch, this how I get through life
I buy out the bar, spit Crist' through the mic
See Jigga in the 6 and all the shit you like
See Jigga givin dick to every bitch you like
I told her, "It's Jay-Day and Hit-You-Night"
You wanna, see me again you gotta get two dice
I got rules I can't hit you twice, you heard me?
Watch me

Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (that's right)
At any, chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it?  Now make dollars
(Watch me)You see me around some cheese
(Watch me)See me with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me)Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed
(Watch me)At the bar baby, round's on me
(Watch me)
(Watch me)You see me around some cheese
(Watch me)Hangin with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me)Blowin 'dro runnin through pounds of weed
(Watch me)At the bar bitch, round's on me
(Watch me)

Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. uh
Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh,
Uh-huh-uh, Jigga Jigga shit huh?
Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Brooklyn-Brooklyn shit huh?
(Compton) Uh-huh-uh, Gotti Gotti shit huh?
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Lil' Rob shit huh?
(C'mon) Uh-huh-uh-UHH, Roc-a-Fella shit y'all
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh, murder murder shit y'all
(Watch me!)

"We want eazy!"
Well, clap ya hands then-come on
Clap ya hands everybody
Clap ya hands, come on, come on
Put ya hands together and clap 'em
Now can y'all say Eazy
Come on, say it

EAZ-Y
Everybody come on,
EAZ-Y

People from everywhere gather around
Checkin' out the sound that Eazy is throwin' down
With some help from Ren and Dre
Makin' a way with dope style
Yo Eazy, what ya gotta say

A miracle of modern creation
Eazy E's on the set
Hyped up with the bass
And a little bit of what ya love
From a brother who's smooth like a criminal
I mean subliminal
Otherwise known as a villain
Because I'm ruthless
When I spot a sucker, I kill 'em
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see

EAZ-Y

Yeah 'cause this is the way I know you like it
So you won't strike it
I took it and I hyped it
And now that it's done, I know ya pleased
At how the E just dose it with ease
Just imagine a crowd screamin', a girl dreamin'
Just to get a picture of me 'n' my B-O-Y-Z
From the H-double-O-D
N.W.A., down with me
Strong 'n' I'm ragin'
Turn the page 'n'
See I'm not a son of a gun
I'm a gauge 'n'
Nothin' can avoid this shot 'cause it's hittin'
It's so cool when you touch it, wear a mitten
I'm comin' off raw into ya speaker
Makin' the suckers on the street feel weaker
But most I think know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see

EAZ-Y

Aw, never, I'm just too clever
So, in fact, that no one can sever
A blow from a maniac and yo, I make it clear
So a register is all I hear
Money overturned, then I jet
To make another hit, for you to go and get
Record stores sold out because you love it
Another example of how Eazy does it

EAZ-Y
We want Eazy

What's the difference between me and you?

Back when Cube, was rolling with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was banging with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business; but sometimes
The business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'mma do whatever it takes to convince you
Cause you my nigga Doc, and Eazy I'm still wit'chu
Fuck the beef, nigga I miss you, and that's just being real wit'chu
You see the truth is
Everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is
And who I'm still cool with
Then I got these fake-ass niggas I first drew with
Claiming that they non-violent, talkin like they
Spit venom in interviews, speaking on reunions
Move units, then talk shit and we can do this
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name
Just keep my name outta yo' mouth and we can keep it the same, nigga
It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

Yo I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate and play with it
Never knew about the next level until Dre did it
I stay committed while you motherfuckers baby-sitted
I smash you critics like a overhand right from Riddick
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catching bitches while bitches be catching feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid
Never come down! Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About 5 bank accounts, 3 ounces and 2 vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold yo' breath 'til ain't none left
Yo that's the difference

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

Aight, hold up hold up!
Stop the beat a minute! I got something to say
Dre, I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fucking weed is in me
(The fuck!) I don't know if I ever told you this, but I love you dawg
I got your motherfucking back (right?) just know this shit

Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga let's blow this bitch
I mean it dawg, you ever need somebody offed whose throat is it?
Well if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is

Well that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's momma
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin at people (Hi!) Then drop her off on the corner
At the police station and drive off honkin the horn for her
Raw dawg, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed off and beat you wit the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up
And they nose and cough snot up, mucus in hot water
That's for trying to talk like "The Chronic" was lost product
That's for even thinking of having them thoughts thought up
You better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I Just Don't Give a Fuck," and see who means it!

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting

What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one - but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to living big dog style and straight coasting, what's the difference between me

I'ma be-L-double-O-D
Been on songs with S-N-double-O-P
Inside a Ferrari with the D-are-E
Run up I let it sing like Nate D-O-double-G

Walk through 8 Mile, G-Unit's on my feet
Got a cherry lowrider in the N-why-see
Eve took me to Philly, never been to the pen
Been to Uptown with 50, seen niggaz in Timbs

I done seen Young Buck scuff Air Force One's
In Cashville, but Compton is
Where it's just me, my son, and my bitch
She graduated when Notorious B.I.G. dropped "Me and My Bitch"

She get them birds past, I put her in first class
And tell her to carry on that Duni and Burke bag
She from Grape Street, she know how to work the mag
And only buy white tees, tell 'em to keep the purple tags

'Cause the laces in my Chucks keep the beef crackin'
I lay niggaz out like creased khakis
In that G-wagon, lean like the 23's draggin'
I got the whole N-why-see saggin'

If you don't know
(Aftermath, nigga witta attitude)
(Game time niggaz, Westside)
Where I'm from
(Nigga witta attitude)
(Straight Outta Compton)
(We rock khakis and Chucks)

If you don't know
(Almost lost my life when Dre dropped The Chronic)
(Legend in the makin')
Where I'm from
(Aftermath, you better watch your colors)
(In the City of Angels)

y'all niggaz got it fucked up
What you thought cause I'm from Compton
And I couldn't do numbers like Usher?
Platinum certified, nigga that's a mill' plus

Play both sides of the fence, 'cause the Crips feel cause'
See me ridin with Nate, nigga it's still Blood
You can see-walk to this, homey it's still love
Nigga I've been bangin' since Mary J. did "Real Love"
(If you don't know)

I painted the Rover black
The West coast is back, I can smoke to that
Mom's got the CL-6, that's a fact
I bought the house, I'm just waitin on the platinum plaques

Niggaz lookin' for a cat to jack
Homey I'm willin' to do two life sentences back to back
So please don't push me
You niggaz is W-N-be-A, all pussy

If you don't know
(Aftermath, nigga witta attitude)
(Game time niggaz, Westside)
Where I'm from
(Nigga witta attitude)
(Straight Outta Compton)
(We rock khakis and Chucks)

If you don't know
(Almost lost my life when Dre dropped The Chronic)
(Legend in the making)
Where I'm from
(Aftermath, you better watch your colors)
(In the City of Angels)

If you don't know
(Aftermath, nigga witta attitude)
(Game time niggaz, Westside)
Where I'm from
(Nigga witta attitude)
(Straight Outta Compton)
(We rock khakis and Chucks)

If you don't know
(Almost lost my life when Dre dropped The Chronic)
(Legend in the making)
Where I'm from
(Aftermath, you better watch your colors)
(In the City of Angels)

Xxplosive
West coast shit
My nigga-ish ways attract girls that used to turn they back
Causing me to yank they arm and pose like I would do them harm
Now I'm saying thank you cause they tell me
My shit's the bomb
Xxplosive
For my niggas drinking Cognac
Smoking weed, always pack
More than one firearm, chrome rims, riding on
Chronic in your system, let me know my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive

West Coast shit nigga
Overdosage imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch don't tease bitch, strip tease bitch
Eat a bowl of these bitch gobble the dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick can shut the fuck up
Gobble and swallow a nut up
Shut up and get my cash
Backhanded, pimp-slapped backwards and left stranded
Just pop ya collar, pimp convention, hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce impala
Pimping hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggas paid for hoes, just to lay with hoes
Relax one night, and paid to stay with hoes
Captain Save'em all day, well save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hitting pussy or hitting the switch
You into hitting bitches off of the grip
You punk bitch

All my real doggs still kick it with me
All my down hoes still tricking with me
All the true gangstas know
Nate ain't never love no ho
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still check it for me
All the real smokers know
Nate ain't passing nothing but dope indeed
Real trees, chronic leaves, no seeds
When I met you last night baby
Before I blew your mind
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more, now that I'm sober you ain't that fine
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here baby, hit the bong
While the west coast rolls along
While we still making gangsta hits
You'll be still jocking gangsta dicks
Damn girl, you think you're slick
Somebody better get this bitch, this bitch

I got these freaky hoes
Clapping they hands, stomping they feet
Every now and then they put they mouth on me
Nowadays a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimping bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player, nowadays it pays to be
Let me drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave your boy the head and said don't let nobody know
A bonafide pro, I had to grab the ho
She got freaky in your sixty-four, I skeeted in her throat
Been knowing the ho for four days, pimpin repays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the mote'
They be beeping me and shit, but we don't kick it no mo'
Them hot hoes is fiending, they on the nuts
But bitch, I'm out your pussy when I nut, fo' real, Xxplosive

Your wife, my bitch
Your love, my trick
Her mouth, my dick
I fucked, that's it

[Verse One: Nate Dogg]
All night long, I had her on her back in my Cadillac bro
You should of heard her moan, same old song
I made her throw her back out when I sent her home
For better or worse she's

[Chorus]
Your wife, my bitch
Your love, my trick
Her mouth, my dick
I fucked that's' it
Straight pimp, no shit
Gave me your chips
I drove, your whip
It's true don't trip

[Verse Two: Dr. Dre]
What's my name, my name is Mr. Game
West coast big change Mr. Fame
Bad bitch scooped her up same ole same
Fuckin' in the drivers seat while I'm switching lanes

Gettin' brains Long Beach, Compton thang
Shit ain't changed that's how we do the damn thang
Draws down nuts platinum, let em' hang
Wife missin' 5 a.m., who's to blame

I'm the reason used maginum is in your range
and while she bounced out wit me before you came
Fuckin' lame you be handcuff sluts I banged
I trippin' take em' back shit my nuts is drained 

On everything this dick is shootin' novocain
Have a bitch waitin' bus stop, in the rain
Simple and plain 'cause we's be off the chain
Nigga Nate Dogg pimp game please don't explain

[Verse Three: Nate Dogg]
Ring or no ring
A hoe gone be a hoe
While you sleepin'
She be creppin' out the back door

Comin' to met me, at my honey comb
Smokin' and drinkin' dyin' to please me 
While real playas keep playin' on

[Bridge: Nate Dogg]
Playas play on
Keep playin on
Ladies playin on, play on
Keep playin on
Playas play on, play on
Ladies play on, play on
Keep playin on
Your wife, is my bitch
Your love, is my trick

[Chorus]

I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah

Yeah, yeah, come on 

Uh, you know you a freak
Before the album went platinum, ya hardly speak
And now you're skin grinnin, gassed off the chrome rims and
Twenty room mansion, I rest my Timb's in
Uhh, I feel it how ya shake it
Rings in ya belly, I can't take it
Toss up your Moet, money make it
Last week frontin, tonight butt naked
I got the flava, make em Zoom-a-zoom
The LL Cool J, [fuck it] give me room
Looked up in my eyes as I lowered the boom
Twenty thousand freaks packed up in one room, uhh 

All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do?
All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do?

Once again it's on, can't be home
The crime got me in the zone; homies blowin up the celly phone
The world knew I had to come once mo'
And just to let y'all know, I do my thing and still blow
Nuff to burn ten mill' cells, confirmed
The most anticipated since Tyson's return
So come on everybody let's all get down
Cause what we have, is a brand new sound 

All the mommies in the house gettin live tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) 

And all my dogs feel the vibe tonight
They wanna (Zoom Zoom Zoom, Zoom Zoom-Zoom) 

Say what? 

All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
(Mmmm, whatchu wanna do) Uhh, whatchu wanna do? 

All I wanna do, is Zoom-a-Zoom Zoom Zoom
Dre, whatchu wanna do?
Mr. Smith, it's on you, uh 

In other words, it's gon' be like that
You young boys is blind, I'm seein them cats
Evolutionary (what?) Revolutionary and legendary
I got a climax waiting for each and every cherry
I'm like a narcotic, niggaz is microscopic
Dr. Dre and Cool J, is the topic 
Forever, my lyrics is rough and energetic
Them cats is blazin? I don't get it, they cosmetic
If shorty wanna step up? I'll twist his neck up
You can't get no money battling me; that's like ripping your check up
What partna? Take ten paces and turn around
That quick, yo' whole ghost town is burnin down (Woooof!)
What I spit, manipulates whole clicks
Make em conversate on how real niggaz ride my dick
It's like a serum, I just can't hear em
All them new niggaz poppin new shit, I never fear em 

As we proceed
To give you what you need
Satisfaction guaranteed
Work and die
Yeah, yeah 

I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah
I got my mind made up, come on; get in, get into it
Let it ride, tonight's the night, yeah

Hit this mothafucka', G
Naw man, I can't fuck with that.
Man, I've been dealin' with you 
for three mothafuckin' months and you ain't hit the pipe in front me yet.
So wat u sayin?
I think you 5-0.
5-0? Man, I ain't no muthafuckin' cop.
Well hit this muthafucker then.

Tonight's the night I get in some shit.
Yeah!
Deep cover on the incognito tip.
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to,
Peelin' caps too, 'cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you.
I guess thats part of the game,
But I feel for the nigga who thinks he just gonna come and chance things
With the swiftness, so get it right, with the quickness,
And let me handle my business, yo.
I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigga maxin' at the top.

I hope you get his ass before he drops.

Kingpin kickin back while his workers sling his rocks.
Coming up like a fat rat.
Big money, big cars, big body guards on his back.
So it's difficult to get him.

But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with
him.

Hit him like this and like that,
Let 'em know that I'll make it for a big fat dope sack
What is this pen? so let's rush it.
If you want to handle it tonight we'll discuss it
On the nigga's time, in the nigga's place,
Take a strap just in case one of his boys recognise my face.
Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker,
But I gives a fuck, cause I'm going deep cover.

Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.
Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.

Creep with me as I crawl through the hood,
Maniac, lunatic, call 'em Snoop Eastwood
Kickin' dust as I bust fuck peace
And, the mothafuckin' drug police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue.
Dre.
What up Snoop?
yo I got the feelin'
Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin'
Killin', feelin', no remorse, yeah
So lets go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of times
And now they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at 7 o'clock.
So what's up nigga?
What you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
I got the gauge, a Uzi and the mothafuckin' 22
so if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em then we suck 'em so fuck 'em!"

(I can feel it.)

Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.
Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.

Six fo' five was the time on the clock,
When me and my homey bailed in the parking lot.
The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up.
Better not be, cause if it is, they're getting lit up.
Oh here they come from the back and they laxed.
I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so whats up black?
Chill, lets hit a deal,
if it aint up to what you feel then grab your steel.
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip.
Cause you can save that shit.
Guess what they told me?
"We'll give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey,
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush,
Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us."
Hm, let me think about it
Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I shot it.
"If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah, I'm lettin' my gat pop"
Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop.

Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.
Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.

Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.
Yeah, and you don't stop.
'Cause it's 187 on an undercover cop.

Yeah, classic hip hop shit
Dr. D-R-E
Rozay and Jay, let's get 'em

We started out moppin' floors
And now we front row at the awards
Number one for the last twenty years
If you real mothafucka scream cheers! (cheers, cheers)
Mothafucka scream cheers!  (cheers, cheers)
Yeah and it is what it is
He wanted to shine at the swap meet
Til the white boys got him in that hot seat
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones
Money long, number one twenty years strong
Fuck a gym, I am him, Andre Young
G5's to 6-4s, Dre got 'em
If the bitch bad I got her in red bottoms
Great weed, nice homes, bread proper
Tec nine, one chamber, top shotta
Bentley coupe, new yacht, my helicopter
Born broke, real nigga straight out of Compton
The fuck you magazine niggas want from me?
I rewrote the game, nigga, now talk money
All black on my Al Capone shit
I built a house, nigga get your own shit
I only love it when her hair long
You should listen to this beat through my headphones

See y'all niggas
Hit the switches on that shit one time, huh
Let the top down

I came a long way from the weed game
Twenty stack seats at the Heat game
And I'm still strapped with the heat man
And we steppin' on a nigga feet man
80 pair of sneakers came from the D game
Cousin was a Crip, said it was a C thing
Brown bag money in a duffle bag
Fuck 'em all, wet 'em and we gotta double back
The homie whippin' chickens in his momma kitchen
On the mission, said he get it for his son tuition
Real nigga's dreams comin' to fruition
Stumble, but I never fall, leanin' on my pistol
I only love her when the ass fat
We should listen to this track in my Maybach
I'm just tryin' to be a billionaire
Come and suck a dick for a millionaire

Uh, it's just different
I know it feels different

Uh, I only love her if her eyes brown
Play this shit while you play around with my crown
King H-O, y'all should know by now
But if you don't know, uh
Millions on the wall in all my rooms
Niggas couldn't fuck with my daughter's room
Niggas couldn't walk in my daughter's socks
Banksy bitches, Basquiat
I ran through that buck fifty Live Nation fronted me
They workin' on another deal, they talkin' two hundred fifty
I'm holdin' out for three
Two seventy five and I just might agree
Ex-D-boy, used to park my beamer
Now look at me, I can park in my own arena
I only love her if her weave new
I'm still a hood nigga, what you want me to do?
Been hoppin' out the BM with your BM
Taking her places that you can't go with your per diem
Screamin' carpe diem until I'm a dead poet
Robin Williams shit, I deserve a golden globe bitch!
I take a Ace in the meanwhile
You ain't gotta keep this Khaled, it's just a freestyle
Fuck rap money, I've made more off crates
Fuck show money, I spent that on drapes
Close the curtains, fuck boy, out my face
I whip the coke, let the lawyer beat the case
Murder was the case that they gave me
I killed the Hermes store, somebody save me
Stuntin' to the max like wavy
Oh shit!
Oh, stuntin' to the max, I'm so wavy
Used to shop at TJ Maxx back in '83
I don't even know if it was open then
I ain't know Oprah then
Have the XL 80 bike
Loud motor, they be like, "Damn!" when I'm comin' through, rang
Had the grill in '88, y'all niggas is late
You got all that, right?
I love this shit like my own daughter
Let's spray these niggas, baby, just like daddy taught ya
Young, this is just different

LA, Sunset Boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard

Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would

Lakers, Dodgers, Ducks, Kings, Angels, Clippers
Real set trippers, clarify ride, we bonafide dippers
ESPN, you know Sports Centre 
Spooned and groomed, dipped and wet, 
Home of the NBA championship
Purple and gold, homie let the story be told
It's the city where you shoot your favorite television episode
And you can hit the strip, Sunset Boulevard
But you gotta have a low-rider car
With the skirts dragging, with the plaque in the back flaggin'
Or put it in the back of the Chevy Wagon
That's how we represent it though
Birthplace of Chevrolet '64, yeah I love showing it out
First things first my nig', you better know where you at
You in

LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard

Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
You knew that it never would

Riding on the 405
On my way to pick up baby
85 in the winter time
Man, this place is crazy
I love it, love it, love it, love it, love it
Summer time in Cali

Rollin' down Fairfax
Just left the Nico, bust a left turn on Pico
Gotta see the Bishop, he got me some gator shoes
I'm rollin' to Hollywood, I'm doing the house of blues
About 9 o'clock stop by the record shop
And get that new Snoop Dogg, now we bouncing ball
Life is a mystery, my life is like history
Stop by my dispensary, give me some kush and pusha
Put it in the trunk, smelling like a skunk
But it's all legal in LA, everybody taking a hit 
From the politicians, athletes and even the teachers
My dentist even hit it, Dr Beecher
He say "Snoop Dogg I really wanna meet ya"
Yeah, I love showing you that 
First things first, my nig' you better know where you at
You in

LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard

Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would
LA

(Silkk)
??  how I miss my homies so
I don't expect y'all to understand this
Cause y'all ain't never lost nobody
But imagine the closest person to you
See everybody feel it
But some of us
Feel it more than the rest
Just think about it
It only add 
More to the stress
I try to live my life day by day
And ignore the rest
It's so FUCKED UP
I can feel life
More than I feel death
Split second
And picture
The family's being torn
I gotta tell my little nephew
His dad wasn't around
To see him being born
When we get older
Playing with our kids
He just sittin' all alone
You know what his last birthday wish was
He wishes daddy come home
And while I'm at the funeral 
Contemplating sittin' in strap
He looked up to me
Gave me a hug and asked me
"Silkk, where my daddy at?"
Question I couldn't answer
Tell him a vacation
And somehow I wish
If I tell him this enough
Maybe one day 
He just might forget

(Chorus)
I guess I'll be seeing you
At the end of the road (end of the road, I'll see y'all there)
You know it ain't easy
Lettin' my homie go (end of the road, I'll see y'all there
	(repeat)

(Silkk)
Now I learn ??
I miss my homies so 
Even though
My homies gone 
Try to be strong on my dawgs
Used to hit me
But I'm home alone
All the memories I got of you
Shining like the sun
I used to invite you to my house
We used to fight
Who gone sleep in the top bunk
We used to
Throw rocks
To the cops then we'd run
We was so tight
We got caught
Both of us
They got just one
I remember dawg
We just like
Kick back and laughed
We grew up a little bit
Life made us choose a 
Different path
You chose to get a job
And I sold and dealed
You choose to go to school
And i chose the streets
I was the one that
Always lived fast
You used to want to live slowly
As I look in the casket
I though for sure
It was supposed to be me
Damn I lost my dawg
It's cold but its fair
And I contemplate to myself
Would it have been different
If I would've been there
I guess we'll never never
Never know
But I know one thing
Why's it always the good ones that got to go

(chorus2x)

(Silkk)
It's never easy 
To let your loved ones go
Tomorrow now promise me
Tell me something that your loved ones know
A straight bullet in the neighborhood
Got a little girl
Holdin' her breath
In my arms I closed her eyes
She died while I was 
Holdin' her chest
I couldn't change
Even though the game was file
Through all the pain
Maintain
Still find ways to smile
And grandma(grandmama got sick)
And they fixed her to bed rest
The family was fightin' over who? left the money to
Picture this you won't even dead yet
And I'm sick of this east and west coast crap
This east and west coast trap
Lost two of the biggest mc's
To east and west coast rap
Rest in peace Biggie
Rest in peace Pac
And all them other soldiers
Make us see it??

feat. Snoop Dogg
[Singer]
Every single day, oooh, every single day
I've got to have it, every single day
I gotta have it, every single day

[Daz]
Yo it's on nigga, a stick up motherfucker
"Boo-ya!" went to fo'-fo', there goes another
Nigga, playin, the roll of the tuffy
While eyin like a Huffy, niggaz is tryin to bust me
Watch ya back, cause I'm comin when ya least
expectin a nigga to start wreaken like a beast
Beauty, it's my duty to gets wild
Grips the mic and kicks back mad style

[Snoop] One, two, three into the fo'
[Daz D] I get you while you're pity wit the chrome fo'-fo'
[Snoop] Rat-tat-tat-tat niggaz fall to the flo'
[Daz D] And Dat Nigga Daz come steppin through the do'!

[Snoop Dogg]
Uhh, open up ya mind for a second, now pause, freeze broads
Close doors, Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin house once mo'
A little taste for them niggaz that be bitin my flow
Yo, put ya gun away, run away, cause I'm back (got it?)
Get 'em up, get 'em up, spit 'em up, dent 'em up like that
Nigga, so what the fuck can I say?
We droppin shit like this like every single day
I keep a strap in my pocket when I step
cause niggaz be trippin thinkin I'm slippin but I ain't slip yet
I ain't sayin I'm untouchable
but if ya fuck wit the Dogg I'ma buck ya though
So, blame me if you want to give blame
but what about now Dat Nigga Daz 'bout to get my back blazed
Creep wit me, as I crawl through the hood, every single day
Every single day (every single day) every single day, every single day
Every single day, every single day, every single day, every single day
Every single day, every single day
I come creepin through the fog wit my saggin duce
Eastside, Long Beach and the seven-eight-two, yeah-yeah
Rollin wit the G folk, bumpin in my shit, and it don't quit
Droppin on the one motherfucker put together, that's it
A nigga wit a grip off that gangsta shit
Wit a fat ass sack, some Tanquerey and a bitch
but movin butt-naked on my flo'
Give it to the dizzo, let the bitch go
cause bitches ain't shit and I don't LOVE that hoe
All I am smokin is that bomb ass chronic
and in a minute I am gonna be bionic
So, I come back like a chimp, Tyson hit hard to Snoop
he gonna be rockin on the mic when he lit it up, hit 'em wit the Pound
Love, flyin through the sky live a dub
Stay above, H-O-E to the S-N-double-O-P, D-O-double-G
That's the number one spot like a ball
From the-the-doc to the motherfuckin Dogg
Jiggy yes why'all cause I phase 'em all
When I'm steppin through the fog and creepin through the smog

[Kurupt]
I gotta homey imports, I gotta hold the gator rhymes
In a mental state, time to time, I'm engaged in the crimes
Whether in a fix, or experienced leaves me to know this
and it leaves no negatives, have you the ordasity
to come blastin me, actually I cause catastrophys
down at blast for me, I'm catastrophic, the shit you must do
Shaky ass nigga, know how to fuck when we trust you
We're the cashy, ashes to ash to ashy, dust to dust
I bust when I'm here, when heat flashes
My heat sends heat strokes, my scraps put the senorita
Make niggaz choke like inhalin, end up the smoke
So take one tote off the automatic I got stashed in my coat
Under pressure, I come to test ya, extra
Holdin every rough texture, rough rhymin texture
Expect a, next a, hittin balls to hard balls some check ya
The romantic buildin is the beginnin of ya destiny
Destined to fall, praise to me and D-A-Z
We mash, leave no flaws, we break jaws
Smoke all the chronic wit Daz and my nigga Doggy Dogg

[Snoop Dogg]
Every single day, every single day
Bitches on our nuts like every single day
Every single day, every single day
Bitches on our nuts like every single day
Every single day, every single day
Smokin on the chronic like every single day
Every single day, every single day
Bitches on our nuts like every single day

{*singer repeats "Every single day.." to end*}

Come on
We back baby
Swishahouse, T.F.
Mr. Lee, P. Wall

I got the screw tape playin' in the deck, so I drive slowly (slow)
Got them swangers pokin', yeah the slab hold me (hey)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me) 
Everybody know me (know me) 
Everybody know me (know me) 

Cooler than a fan (fan), money in my hand
Stashed in them brown paper bags with them rubber bands (bands)
I ain't got to say nothin', everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me), everybody know me (know me)

Ballin' is a habit, that money I got to have it
I'm an addict for that paper, my hustle is automatic
My presence is so Jurassic, these lames is so tragic
I'm lightin' that Cali cactus, so I'm higher than an attic
I'm choppin' up the block like a garbage disposal
So the boppers' proposition an indecent proposal
I'm cool like popsicle, been grindin' since I was little
On this pool pick narratin' these proverbs and riddles
I'm fresh like green bananas and fly like Continental
'Cause I stay up on my grind late night like Jimmy Kimmel
In that pomegranate slam with the roof convert
Five stars under the skirts, call it famous footwork
That Cali is active when Lil' Keke got the trees lit
Tiltin' the bumper kit, I'm flippin' with the screens lit
Ridin' with the Big Dogg, we (Breakin' 'Em Off)
Sippin' the stuff to cure my cough, pardon me, I'm throwed off

With the screw tape playin' in the deck, so I drive slowly (slow)
Got them swangers pokin', yeah the slab hold me (hey)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)

Cooler than a fan (fan), money in my hand
Stashed in them brown paper bags with them rubber bands (bands)
I ain't got to say nothin', everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me), everybody know me (know me)

(Roll it up), smoke it up, break it up, (throw it up)
Speed it up, slow it up, cut it up, screw it up
Do it up, who involved? (who involved?) Do it to 'em Uncle Dogg (Uncle Dogg)
Everywhere I've flown and gone, been know to bounce some balls
My entourage, stay in charge, I could never camouflage ('flage)
Doggy do it extra large (large), coppin to a lesser charge (charge)
Paul Wall your next in charge, S is hard, reppin hard
Press 'em hard (what?), tech in core (what?), blast 'em like Nessie Mars (what? what?)
Yes a star, I'm a bad mother (mother, mother)
I'm the only rapper known by your grandmother (mother)
And your preacher and your teacher, ain't that a trip? (trip)
Moshi moshi acuagru ain't that a bitch? (bitch)
That's Japanese little homie, you should learn to mingle (mingle)
See Snoop Dogg is international and bilingual ('lingual)
I'm in the game, got the fame and the money man (man)
And everybody know my motherfuckin' name (name)

I got the screw tape playin in the deck, so I drive slowly (slow)
Got them swangers pokin, yeah the slab hold me (hey)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me) 
Everybody know me (know me) 
Everybody know me (know me) 

Uh huh, come on
Correct me if I'm wrong but God damn I'm fly
In my famous stars and straps, no suit, no tie
I got the heavy starch crease, so I'm sharp as an ice pick
I'm swangin' and bangin' and holdin' grain like a vice grip
I'm high as a ceiling fan, I'm flier than Superman
I'm hot as a frying pan, 'cause baby I'm the man
And I'm leanin' like a kick stand, stackin' up them grands
From T Wet to Batan, that wood grain up in my hand
Roll it up and pass it, as I cruise through traffic
Slow motion candy ocean on this antique classic
I'm super seedin' my quota, out collectin' these dimes
My speech slurred 'cause I'm leanin' like a half passed nine
I'm tippin' down on them craigers, I'm skatin' like Darren Harper
With a trunk full of speakers beatin' hard like Travis Barker
The money in the stash, paid for make stack
I'm swangin' till the fo's clack, drinkin' codeine extract

With the screw tape playin' in the deck, so I drive slowly (slow)
Got them swangers pokin', yeah the slab hold me (hey)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)
Everybody know me (know me)

Go help yourself fucker (son of a bitch)
Hahahaha!!! (Guh-ohh)
I know Tha Eastsidaz
Them some bad motherfuckers
Uh-oh (Uh-oh, uh)

[Snoop Dogg]
Swizz Beatz
Up in the motherfuckin' Dogghouse
Eastside shit, you know this finna be a monster
Godzilla

[Goldie (Kokane)]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Niggas talkin' shit, bitches on my dick
Stay so swift, buckin' this shit
Beat made by Swizz, so you niggas can't trip, 'cause

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Niggas give me props, bitches give me cock
Hustlers on the block, busters gettin' shot
Playa haters jock, and pray that they got cop, 'cause

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
I'm quick to start strappin', down for straight jackin'
Don't ask me what happened if ya gun start clappin'
Nigga I was rappin', while you was actin, 'cause

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Real niggas postin', gettin' drunk, smokin'
Khaki chucks spokin', pistol grip totin
Always go for broke, and love livin life motive
(Ev-ry-where I go-o-o-o-ooo!!!)

[Snoop talking]
Everywhere I go
I see we just rubbin' off on the whole motherfuckin' game, haha

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Some be hatin', some roll gatin' (so)
Most be fakin' so they get they hoes taken
Since I don't be tastin', you hoes I'll be shakin', 'cause

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
I see thick ass bitches, big ass switchin'
Quick cash pimpin', swift ass kickins
Zig-Zag twistin', fifth glass sippin'

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Don't get quiet, niggas start a riot
Take off like hollies, young gangsta try it
In it for the highs, you can't deny it man

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Motherfuckers tryin' to bang, niggas runnin' game
Suckas gettin' played, player bitches gettin' paid
Said gangster everyday, place the snitches in their grave
(Ev-ry-where I go-o-o-o-oo!!!)

[Snoop talking]
Yeah somebody thought the game was dead
The game ain't dead these niggas is scared

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Packed up cells, dirty-ass jails
Sneaky ass snails, hot like Hell
Funky shit that smell, clean your fingernails man

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Redneck cops, X pills pop (fuck 'em)
Banned X boxes and yoke gettin' shopped
Stacks gettin' clocked and 'Lacs gettin' dropped

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Gone off hennessey, bitches next to me
Takin' some Ecstasy, want some sex from me
It's all G, nigga can't you see, 'cause..

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Cars full of sets, marks gettin' checked (Eastside!)
Hard niggas vets, bullets cars on their chest
Start tryna test I hope the Lord got ya blessed nigga
(Ev-ry-where I go-o-o-o-oo!!!)

[Snoop talking]
From Spain to Maine, we here to change the game
Ain't a motherfuckin' thang changed, yaknah'msayin' mayne

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Make this motherfucker jump, let the bitches get crunk
I got a room at the Trump, later on we can slump
Let the speakers thump, and watch these hoes thump

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Niggas serve zones, niggas swerve chrome
Bitches turn wrong, get other bitches turned on (ooh)
Think it ain't sold then ya must have heard wrong

[Goldie Loc]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Bailin' through the streets, always catch me with some heat
On my way to buck a freak, back up we fuck the heat
In and out of sheets while yo' ass be asleep, 'cause..

[Tray Deee]
(Everywhere I go!!!)
I stand on the set, demand my respect (for life)
My hand on the tech, or the magnum on deck (nigga)
You ain't gotta guess, I represent it to the death nigga
(Ev-ry-where I go-o-o-o-oo!!!)

[Snoop Dogg talking]
Everywhere I go, everywhere I go
Every-motherfuckin'-where
Everywhere we go (EASTSIDE!!!) Hahaha
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Put ya motherfuckin' cups down nigga
It's goin' down up in this motherfucker
Swizz Beatz, Ruff Rydin, Eastside
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Yeah, yeah, a little somethin',
For all my niggas down in the dirty-dirty
All my niggas on the BS, yea yea nigga
(Everywhere I go!!!)
Every-motherfuckin'-where I go
I keep that bomb-ass weed on me
Yeah, got a bad bitch, waitin' on me in the hotel room
(Everywhere I go!!!)

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

Sippin' yak while I elevate my mind state
Hand by the burner in case a near try to violate
Never go down, stay rising like Andre
'Cause my corner back every thing the Don say
Long Beach, yeah I yell it out in every song
Err'y day, err'y night till I'm carried home
Forever known, big ballin', try it in the city
Then yelling out swish way before it in the net

And I ain't knockin' niggas hustle, it's all a game
And when they mention the best, will they call your name?
There's only winners and losers, ain't no in betweens
We either hit the hall of fame or you fall to shame
And you ain't got to wonder where my place at
Pepsi blue rags sorta poppin', bitch taste that
One hit of the bong will blow ya face back
LMFAO to the bank, boy, ASAP

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

I do it 'cause I feel it
Live it like I'm talkin'
Flow so straight but won't a nigga try and walk it 
I'm so high, yeah the weed, I'm still sparking it
My bitch bad and my diamonds still sparkling
Got the competition shaking like Parkinsons
Breads in the bag, call it good marketin'
Life's a bitch but I don't caught again
That's what a word to the third letter

Shot, shot, shots to me and my cheddar
Run these emcee's I'm tougher than leather
Vietnamese eyes tighter than ever
Fuck with the Dogg I'm biting whomever
'Cause I didn't came from a long path
Only God knows how long left the Dogg has
'Cause like time we all pass
So if you ever taste success, just pray it's from a tall glass

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

I sold my soul to the devil that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
'Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can't take the phoniness
Get away from me whack tracks

I can only make only hits
I'm an only child lost in the world
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell rings
Its feeling like hell rings
It's bringing me back down
He's checking my background
It's ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn't have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends

I'm spaced out dog, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain't finna change, so we won't agree again
Till then I'll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I'm about to hit the ground

[Repeat: x4]
See you with my eyes closed

Wait
Its you
And at the end of it all its you
And at the end
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

Lookin' for how I see her
When I finally realized couldn't believe it
I couldn't, even swallow
Had a lump in my throat my stomach hollow
I had a notion that things were fishy
But everything was fine so I'd be pissy
But when you wasn't seeing me nights you get in
That's when the snoopin' and shit it would begin
Where you at?
Where you going?
That's what I get when I pick up the phone
Not a hello or I miss you
Or the renaissance how does it do?
Suspicious ones go few
Can stress out your brain
In weighs on your mane
And helps you peep game I thought it was me
But then I could it see

It was you
Its you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
It was you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

I couldn't take it
But the spell of love
I couldn't shake it
Even though I would discover
That there was somebody else
It was your lover
You gave me up
And managed to turn the tables
And all your honest words they turn to fables
The things that you would accuse me of
It seem were the things you were doin' love
Get it? these things you projected
And I don't want to be affected
But when you get in love
Its never easy love
To make decisions of
You've defected
You were doin' so much to try to pin me
Goin' through all my stuff but it was empty
Answers, that I'm seekin'
Well it seem I'm gettin' close
That I'm reachin'
And I was thinkin' I had no reason
Callin' you a culprit it was treason
And the twinkle in your eye
It was kinda not for love
And tell me why?
We'll make a mends if you admit it
We can ascend if your committed
Your heart, is it in it?
If it goes for many days
Sweet love can decay from you

Its you
At the end of it all it was you
And at the end
It was you
At the end of it all it was you
And the end
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all its you
Its you
Its you
At the end of it all

Girl you've got me faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
Ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden away

In my mind, it's all about you
I don't know what to do
'Cause you have got me confused
We talking on the phone
We fussing fight you 'bout that lightening
I just wanna love you right, love you right

Girl you've got me faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
Ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden away

Make time, make love, that's what we make
Looking nowadays, looking like it's gonna fade
See me, will you see here G soul
If he lose baby he gonna gain another dough
What a brother know, keep it on the low
That's what my grandma said it suppose to go
Feel the same, we toast and post it
And if it all work soft then we casper the ghost
Me and damn phone we capture the phone
Collusion, illusion, set it all foe
Plan with me, for your best, let it all go
The beach and the wind you blow

Faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
Ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden away

Faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
Ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden away

It's so hard to stay with you girl
It's so hard to stay with you girl
And even harder to play with you girl
It's so hard to stay with you girl
And even harder to play with you girl
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away

You brainwashed not to know you grew up wanting to be a pimp
You wanted to be a player (right) 
You know, you grew up wanting to be these different things 
That are role models to you in your neighborhood
Until you figure out that hold on
I'm finna be the first role model that ain't that (right)

Well I had a chance to listen to the album, it's very chill, 
It definitely makes you wanna smoke some weed
(Oh it do?)
Yeah, and I don't even really smoke (you wanna hit some right now?)
I don't know if we're allowed to do that in here
(We need curtains, we need curtains in here)
No, snoop can do what he wanna do
(I don't think so)
Don't ask for permission, ask for forgiveness

The way I feel about snoop
The way I feel about snoop

And there ain't no doubt about it
Regarded as the precious
I done been everywhere that you wanna go
Now look up, I shook up the game
Hell yeah, they love the dog
Grandmomma's worldwide wanna hug the dog

[Snoop Dogg]
Eastside
Yeah
Fell good we got homeboyz out there that look out for
That's on the real
I mean the real homeboy it's hard to come by now days
Ya know what I'm saying
That's real

[Snoop Dogg]
Joy and pain
Pain and joy
I'm trying to do right and united the homeboyz
Eastside rip ride
When we dippin' ? ?
We do it to ya in this side
That's right
That's' how we do it in the L-B-C
All we know is that "G" and we
Trying to get somewhere
I gotta get somewhere
I can't fail (Why)
Nigga ain't made for jail
I remember when I had a million dolla bail
On my head
Left a nigga straight fo' dead
Fuck a Fed
My homeboy Tray Dee once said:
"You gotta crackin' with this rappin'
Nigga, take it to the head"
I'mma mash for mine
Down for the grind
I got to get my hands on some paper times mine
Specially with the homies on mash with me
I'm independent in a minute
Nigga come get me
Yeah!

[Chorus]
It's all good in our hood
Happens so damn good right
You always give some back and that's a fact
It's all good in our hood
Happens so damn good right
You always give some back and that's a fact
And havin' a rider on your side.

[Swoop G]
I'm outspoken
My language is broken into a slang
Just expressing
Thirty eight choice of my weapon
I say I die for under oath
Niggas will take you for your bread
Man! The whole loaf
Everything in a twist
Where everybody trying to get rich
The hardest nigga, the first one go out bitch
Hustlin' for survival
Scoop my 5.0
Book'em, down on nigga start sayin'
Somebody got my back
I don't know who
Cause run like he kick it
I don't know you
Player haters, every minute wanna ride with D
Every other minute wanna diss my clique
Ya'll niggas gotta raise up the ? ?
Runnin' round town lyin' bout you seen us
Is a trip, it don't stop and I wish it would
Long as I'm chipped up
It's all good
I got my back.

[Chorus]

[Lil' C-Style]
I always got strach with hustle
Like a Mack
Khakis in my legs, T-shirts and some quarter sacks
Representin' Eastside to the fullest
And keep me a pistol and won't hesitate to use it
Fools! I'm just tryin' to make music
Keep on movin'
Buy me a yatch and keep cruisin'
Dippin' in my north star Cadi' Seville
Makin' corner in the hood and still keep it real
Jumpin' out shootin' dice ain't no big ass deal
I got a deal
So you know
I got money to spill
Lil' Style is my name but call me Dolla bill
Wit a whole lotta money now that's gangster
So keep it real
So when you see me up in traffic
Holdin' a heater on my lap and will blasted
R.I.P. to all my homiez in the caskets
Having to ride outta your side in fantastic.

[Chorus]

[Crooked I]
Hey speakin' a rhyme or two
That's what the hell I do
You player hatin' Crooked I nigga
Hold up
"W" get throw up when I role up
And the ho's that stroll up
Get the ho's that I ??
So what's the hold up
Since I showed up I sew up: the game
With the flow bucket
So rough show none
So miss me with that ra ra
I'm just tryin' hit some na na
Like her name was stack La La
But sho don't
Ya'll don't know we makin' that paper pal
How!
With Tha Eastsidaz and Bow Wow
Really now!
You and "G"
French braids and grimm
Makin' all the ho's saying:
"We like busting him"
Back in the West we life dangerest
Everybody was raised up gangsterish
We still sip on gnach, chip crystal
Make money and get back
Yeah we too tight for that.

[Chorus]

It's all good, so good
Somebody got your back.
Yeah!

[Snoop Dogg]
Get money (Get that dough)
Get money (Get that dough)
Get money (Get that dough)
What what (Get that dough)
Get that dough (Get that dough)
Get that dough (Get that dough)
Get that dough (Figadoh)

[Benzino]
What, why? want to come test (what)
Sub-zero, freeze all from chest (what)
Benzino got bitches that love to undress
Masterpiece invisible, thug irresistible (thug)
Made Man invincible (thug)
Collect my residuals (thug)
Why you looking so pitiful, don't you really know?
Every move we make is critical, you know, I know
See yo', head cracked, bang-o, see dough
Benzino, black Al Pacino
Fly to Reno, meet T at casino (yeah)
All night, we get head all night
Hold tight, shorty right, don't bite
This is how we do it in the Bing, 
Worldwide, Made Men, knah'mean

[Chorus: Benzino (Snoop): x2]
Dough!
Fi-ga-doh (Money, money) Figa-da-doh!
Fi-ga-doh (Money, money) Figa-da-doh!
You know me (Money, hot) Figada-figada-figada
Get that dough (Dough, hot, hot) Figada-doh

[Snoop Dogg]
Yo' strategy, some pimp tragedy
It's Snoop Dogg, the black James Caggedy
In agony, Agatha, Christy
Agana, miss me, pop the mo' with funk the Crissy
Is he, goin out his mind (yep)
I'm, organized with mine (yep)
In rhyme 'cause crime, pays (yep)
Blaze the haze for days
For real be	, ya feel me, ya feel me
And, it's supreme, a few niggas on my team
Bonafide hustlers 'bout that cream
We'll cut a nigga, gut a nigga, shut a nigga up
For my paper, I'll wet a nigga up
Did'ya hear me do' (Hear me do')
Ya feel me do' (Feel me do')
I'm live in stereo (Live in stereo)
Like a cherry-o, bury dough, Robert De Ner-io
Snoopy D-O double bubble, with the whole bundle
Don't worry 'bout what one do

[Chorus: x2]

[Scarface]
The suits, we pimp in tennis shoes
Fuck Cristal, what the Henny do?
You smoke dope and weed, blow 'dro
You got dough and we've got dough
We monster mash, you see me Ruff Ryde
You a nigga out here, hate niggas, wishing he was white
I'm the nigga out hear pulling up Excursions
Throwing dicks to dykes, turning out virgins
So fuck your coupe, it's Scarface and Snoop,
up in Bing-town snatching bitches off the mini six-deuce
And sue that dame, with "True that" game
Get her ass naked, and black-n-blue that thing
The news that came was the Made Men wattn't
But the paper was the influence and that's what done it
You cuff these hoes, we muff these hoes
You and Captain Save Ya Baby Mother, fuck these hoes

[Snoop Dogg]
(Dough!)
Get that dough! Get that dough!
Get that dough! Get that dough!
Get that dough! Get that dough!
Figadoh!

[Chorus: x4]

Black people don't have nowhere to go 
You know  all we got to do is kick it 
We gonna kick it in our hood  you know 
What we gonna do we might 

We might go kill a couple of niggaz mane 
You know  go in they hood and do a drive by 
Then come back in the hood and laugh about that stuff 
You know it's just a thing 

Only how you really gonna get deep into it 
Is when one of your homeys die 
Just like when my partnaz died 
(we got some problems) 

[Chorus] 
First we pray, then we ride 
First we pray, then we ride 

He was my brother 
Loved him like no other 
To top it off 
I introduced him to this game 
I knew his mother 
Loved her like my mother 
Part of me is gone 
Bout take my brother home 

(what're ya gonna do) 
When the trials come 
(are ya gonna run?) 
Are you gonna run? 
(what're ya gonna do) 
First I'm gonna pray 
(are ya gonna run?) 
You muthafuckin right 

[Chorus] 

I ain't got nuthin but love for you loccs and hogs 
And I ain't got nuthin but love for my muthafuckin dogs 
In the mist of the war zone, its on on site 
Daylight tonight the heat held close and tight 

Beware here I come with the DPG on my chest 
Heat gonna spit like Elliot Ness 
In the darkest zone you feel alone and on your own 
And after I bust, niggaz call me Kurupt Coleone 

All I'm about is money, loot and cash 
Homeys in the DPG Nate, Snoop and Daz 
Now with these emotions how you approach yourself 
Knowin you all about your wealth and as it is to health 

First I pray, get my thoughts intact 
Ask for forgiveness 'cause I'm bout to lay this nigga flat 
Can you adapt, can you feel me, I doubt it 
'Cause the closest you see it, is when niggaz write about it 

I can't live without it and it ain't shit I could do 
But stay down with the homeys in grey and blue 
So just keep the heat close in hand 
'Cause I done see niggaz get shit while they homeboys ran 

Heavenly father shine your light on me 
I know I promise to slow down on this weed 
Seems I remember someone used to say 
One life gets taken, if you take one life away 

(what're ya gonna do) 
When the trials come 
(are ya gonna run?) 
Are you gonna run? 
(what're ya gonna do?) 
First I'm gonna pray 
(are ya gonna run?) 
You muthafuckin' right 

[Chorus]

Well it's that slow flow, D-O-double-G, nigga
See these other fools but you can't see me, nigga
Who am I? (It's Kurupt motherfucker)
Do or die (We gives a fuck motherfucker)
So slow your roll, I'm In Control like Janet
The loc-est twenty-one year old nigga that's on this planet
Take it for granted, if ya want to, 'cause I'm gonna
Grab my strap then clear the corner, bitch!!

So all my bitches and my niggas and my niggas and my bitches
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit
Wave your motherfucking fingers in the air
So all my niggas and my bitches and my bitches and my niggas
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a fuck
Like we don't give a fuck
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air

Now on a one, two, three who could it be
Coming with a group of gangsta shit for ninety-three
So ninety-four's arrived nigga, back on up
And let me and my Dogg Kurupt fuck shit up
Now can't nobody see me here or there
Wherever I bails, I put it down on the ground
'cause ain't shit for sale in the Coupe
With the beat flossing off gold D's
And my cousin Snoop packs well, you know what I mean
And it don't take much, for the Dogg Pound to bust a cap
In your ass, for getting us all fucked up
Now check it, it's a calling for niggas like Doggs
Who supposed to be the shit, but steadily bitching like hogs
(Yes y'all) Walk the Doggs (yes y'all) Yiggy y'all
Stay full of that gin and juice and have a ball

I packs a strap, like that, I kicks it like this
Now how many bitches must get dick?
Before they say, that Daz is that nigga from back in the day
Ya never ever thought I'd see him busting with Dr. Dre
Cause I grips mics, I rips mics in half
Hoes be coming to my flat so I can tap that ass

So all my bitches and my niggas and my niggas and my bitches
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit
Wave your motherfucking fingers in the air
So all my niggas and my bitches and my bitches and my niggas
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a fuck
Like we don't give a fuck
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air

You're headed my way, nigga you best to hit a you-turn quick
So what's happening? I'm capping shit up like a Western flick
The kinpin of the clique, top notch
17 shot Glock cocked, so all nigga drop
The run of the mill fool get broke off for trying to serve
The best Kurupt's era, peep the terror, 'cause it's a murder fest
I smoke chronic everyday, so what have we
Another motherfucker, getting served like some cavy
Now who, drops (ruff rhymes) I got full Juice like 2Pac
(plus I'm) rolling with two Glocks
Fly motherfuckers can't see Kurupt
Hell-raising like Pinhead, beware I'm tearing shit the fuck up
Slow your roll, like your legs was broken
Who's joking? Rakim never joked, so why should I loc?
Now that's my idol, check the vital rhyme flow doe
Running em like Flo Jo, stranded on Death Row
Mediocre motherfuckers die 'cause I'm serving it
They can't fuck with or see me I'm mass murdering
(Smoking indo, look out my window I suppose) Yeah
(Niggas don't understand how we kicks different flows)
(I'm raw like new footage) I'm rugged like a BF Goodrich
(Bring your whole set and get your hood lynched)
(Drop to your knees like a dog in heat)
Peep the murderous styles and the poetical techniques

So all my bitches and my niggas and my niggas and my bitches
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit
Wave your motherfucking fingers in the air
So all my niggas and my bitches and my bitches and my niggas
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
And if you don't give a fuck
Like we don't give a fuck
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air

Check it out, it's Rage, ready for the breakdown
Take down, when it comes to the mic I'm putting my weight down
And that's 175 pounds of beed
Beating yo' ass down to the concrete
Fool, act like ya know
I'm stranded on Death Row with no where to go, so
What's a girl to do
Take out a crew, or two, a few, what you want to do?

Throw your guns in the motherfucking air, we don't care
(Niggas don't give a fuck nigga)
About nothing at all, just my Doggs and clocking the grip bitch
(Niggas don't give a fuck nigga)
That's why I can kick it so tuff, 'cause when times get ruff, my
(Niggas don't give a fuck nigga)
The clique I'm with, don't give a shit, ya know why?
(Real niggaz don't give a fuck)

To all my bitches and my niggas
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
To all my bitches and my niggas
Wave your motherfucking hands in the air
To all my bitches and my niggas
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit
Wave your motherfucking fingers in the air

These are the tales the freaky tales 
These are the tales that I tell so well 
These are the tales the freaky tales 
These are the tales that I tell so well 

I met this girl her name was Joan 
She loved the way I rocked on the microphone 
When I met Joan I took her home 
She was just like a doggie all on my bone 

I met another girl her name was Ann 
All she wanted was to freak with a man 
When I met Ann, I shook her hand 
We ended up freakin' by a garbage can 

The next young freak, I met was Red 
I took her to my house and she gave me head 
She like blowin' dicks, is all she said 
We jumped in the sheets and we broke my bed 

There's another girl, her name is Sherry 
You talk about sex and the girl acts scary 
I heard she was freakin' from my big brother Jerry 
Took her to my crib and I popped that cherry 

Young and tender, sweet Denise 
Get her in the bed and the girl's a beast 
I tell you homeboy if you get a piece 
She'll only start talkin' bout signin' a lease 

I met a young tender, her name is Lori 
An X-Rated movie wouldn't tell her story 
She had a twin sister, her name was Lisa 
And just like Lori she's a real dick pleaser 

My girlfriend's name, was Michelle 
Her booty was bigger than the tail on a whale 
When I freaked Michelle, I freaked her well 
Her pussy got hotter than the flames of Hell 

I G'd this girl, her name was Tammi 
I didn't want to do it cause the bitch was 'flantly'
She had a best friend, her name was Janet 
I pulled her to the side and I spit that game 

I had a lot of freaks, in my lifespan 
I freaked one night, with this girl named Pam 
The very next day, I saw her with her man 
One week passed, and I was in her again 

I had an old tender, her name's Jeanine 
She was thirty-eight and I was only seventeen 
She likes to freak, she's just a fiend 
It really didn't matter when I saw her in jeans 

I want a big freak, fat and sloppy 
I kick on back, and watch the hoe just mop me 
Two tons of fun, Big Mad Magenta 
A country broad from Alabama 

I met this freak, her name was Beth 
Her pussy got wet and it smelled like death 
I was tired as Hell, I was drippin' sweat 
But I was all up in her tryin' to hold my breath 

Bake, and, shake, ups 
I met this freak in Vegas 
She she said her name was Don-na 
She was a ?belt? lil' freak from Chi-na 

I said, "I don't pimp, or gigolo 
I'm havin' so much paper I don't need a hoe 
You can break yourself, but you can't break me 
You never met a player like Snoop baby" 

I knew a dick sucker named Betty Joe 
I took her to my house and we did it on the flo' 
The girl got freaky let me tell you mo' 
She was down on her knees, beggin' to blow 

She's like another freak, named Renee 
You get her all alone and she'll make your day 
Like Burger King, she knows the play 
and with a freak like Renee you can Have It Your Way 

These are the tales, the freaky tales 
These are the tales that I tell so well 
These are the tales, the freaky tales 
These are the tales that I tell so well!

[Homey]
Hey Dogg, let me holla at'cha man

[Snoop]
Whats up home?

[Homey]
Word is on the streets
Your beats gone be delicate since Dre did shake the spea's out,
Man.

[Snoop]
Delicate? Beats?
So that's what makes me now?
Man, I don't give a fuck about no beat

(Now let me shake that shit man)
(I hear ya Dogg)
(It's a cold, cold thing!)
(It's a cold thing!)
(For real, hmm!)

I got more niggas trying to get at me than the President do sometimes
Niggas be trying to get at me 'cause I be dropping funky rhymes
What the fuck is going on? This rap game is made to make money
You niggas is taking the shit outta hand, acting way too funny
Doing too much, why'know I see it from the get-go
What the fuck's going on wit you niggas, y'all trying to play a low pro
And trying ta be hard and trying ta be big willies or whatever they call it
I guess it's time for me to act just like an alcoholic
And step to the game, I'm a stumble in like I don't know
And if a nigga say something wrong, I'm taking off from the get-go
I ain't givin no room to try to get me first
Cause I done been bombed on before and I'ma tell you, man, that's the worst
Fifth in the world, but I'ma keep my thing together
Cause I'ma keep making money and hope everything is still together
Having papers, man, now what y'all niggas doing?
All y'all broke on the corner, drinking your drink, want to be doing what I'm doing
But don't get mad and don't be trying to play-hate
Cause, taking trips around state to state
Representing, what y'all want to represent
But y'all can't represent it 'cause y'all got no dollars, no cents
I'm moving on, grooving on and I'm moving
Making more moves than the average Cuban
Trying ta get G's across the town, trying ta make more hits
And trying to get my game tight and get at your bitch
Now if she wants to get with this, she gone come holla at a player, do'
Cause she know that Snoop Dogg is got that white Rolls Royce
And she wants to jump in, bring a friend
Cause everything is like alphabet, come on in
Come on in and bring a friend and you can come on back
Cause when you do, we gone be sipping on some Cognac
It's on me, I'm feeling good tonight
Cause I'ma do mines and I'ma keep everything tight
I ain't letting nothing leak 'cause if things leak, then I'm get caught
And I can't get caught 'cause you know how they do it about that child support
Shit, bitches is cold on a nigga who ain't got his game tight
Getting 18-point-5 percent, half your life
Shit, I love my baby boy and all
But I ain't gonna be paying no bitch, no no, no way Dogg
I'm too slick on my toes, I'm too tight
I'm guaranteed to get away from some shit like that, ain't that right
Cause, when you play in this game you got to be the real player
You can't be no fake ass nigga talking about you want to be the man
Cause if you ain't with the game, the game ain't gonna be wit you
And I can put that on everything including you

One of every five black males berfore the year 2000 will be detained or deceased
No justice, no peace
Yeah the truth hurts, we scared to go to church

Look here, but don't cut it, getting five points
Step back for a second, I'm putting less than five to this joint
If this is the bomb niggas gonna blow up like Atlanta at the Olympics
Niggas be tripping but I'll be pimping
I don't be tripping off no nigga at all, no bitches
Just trying to get money, I don't even be tripping off no switches
I used to like low-riders but now I like Eastsiders
I put it down wit me and make a hit maker, y'know what I'm sayin?
I love the Lakers now 'cause now they got Shaq O'Neal
It's time to make a million dollars and that's for real
See we gone blow up and show up and throw up nothing but Dogg Pound
Give it to ya ta put it down and we'll be round to your town
So just sit in your seats and wait til we come through
Until we do just keep smoking gray and blue
Or whatever you do just stay true to what you do
Cause we gone keep doing what the fuck we got to do
Now, follow me now and listen to the instructions
Cause the game's gonna get deep now, niggas is tryin ta creep
Trying ta get up on game but they don't want to be down with the PG
All of a sudden everybody want to dis DP
Now, what we look like?
Making y'all diss us, that ain't right
I should get upset but I'ma stay composed
Chill for a second, spit at some hos
Drinking my drink, smoking my dank
Counting my bank, that shit stank
Stanky bank is what I got 'cause I'ma keep it
And nah this ain't no motherfucking secret

Yeah, we're in drought season
Niggas looking for a reason
It's like thanksgiving without the feast
Yeah the truth hurts, we're scared to go to church

They got me running from my life, I'm jumping gates
They got dogs on my ass, but I'm a Dogg
So I know how to alert and get wit dat shit
The dog run up on me I give him a cold
Like nigga back up off me
He turn around and bite the police,
Game recognize Snoop Dogg too cold, I'm on my toes
I slide in the back of a garage, dipping with this ho
They run right past me, ask me "Have I seen the suspect?"
"Yeah, he went that way", now for the jack

It's time to slow it down, steadily grinding
And this is, the big Doggy Dogg

And I ain't talking about no Air Force Ones
I just gotta know, before you let me get some

[Chorus]
Do you have a fresh pair of panties on?
I got to know, or you could show, me
Silk cotton see-through lace your sexy thong
I got to know, or you could show, me

[Snoop Dogg]
Freak-a-leek, peak peak
Let a nigga sneak a few, peek-a-boo
Let's see what we can do
I'm bout freaking you, and sneaking you
Into a quiet place
So I can look at it face to face
Let me guess, you prefer to wear cotton
I can tell, cause you like squatting
Your last dude, he was so rotten
And now your love is to be gotten
Yeah baby girl I can read your mind
But what I'm really trying to do is ready between your pantylines
I know it seems oh so personal
But I'm just trying to make you feel real comfortable
I know, so, what will it be?
And the type of underwear you wear I mean it's troubling me
Can I get a glimpse, one for the pimps?
I got one question, answer me this then

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
You came by the chuuch with a whole lot of body
Got invited to our annual pajama party
Working that lace, I think it was the French cut
Yeah bitch, you got a big ol' butt
Hiding it, should be dividing it
It's real tight now but I got a way to widen it
And slide in it, real smooth like
with a little bit of Miles Davis to get you in the mood like
zoom boom hit the poom-poom right
Just to get your groove right
I can make it happen, but it can't happen if you ain't good at it
When you goin' let a nigga have a look at it?
Calling all cars, yeah baby girl you a star
But it's on you if you want to go real far
Now let me get a glimpse, one for the pimps
I, have one question, answer me this

[Chorus]

Friends, how many of us have them
Friends, how many of us have them
Friends, how many of us have them
Friends, how many of us have them

Every since I could remember
I had friends I could depend on
Clothes to lend 'em
But as time went by
My life got a little strange
And the rules of the game seem to change
Trust, honesty and devotion
And money, money, money is the poison potion
There's no way that I can even say
That this game has been good to me
Or even bad to me it had to be
Cause tragically the way this shit
Cracked off for Doggy Dogg was magically
And now I'm gettin' everything I'm supposed to get
But my friendship with niggas always ends up as bulshit
I listen to my momma though
She always tried to prepare me
Byt how could she do what I
I mean I'm do or die
But my life on the streets
That shit is suicide
So to cope I got a dogg and a locc
And keep my heat close in case these jokes go for broke
I'm mashin' with the click 2-1-3 that is
They my homeboys ever since kids-
Real friends to the end

Hangin' out with my homies and I'm feelin' just fine
I've been ponderin' lately
A lot of different things on my mind
It seems lately my friends list
Done took a slight decline
And if you wanna know the truth man, man
Them wasn't no friends of mine

You jackin' me up, you takin' my cash
All my life L-B-C, for my city I mash
All those OGs and BGs and wannabies and L-O-Cs
The only friends I got is my 2-1-3s
That's my nigga Snoop D Woop and my nigga N-A-T-E
I can't forget about my nigga H to the Deezy
Pressure and strikes
Don't wann take no lives
But these jaws, cracks and hood cracks
Will make you break bizacks
"Whussup homie, can I borrow some cash?"
Last week I agve you 500, so kiss my ass
I got a baby to feed
A familly to see through
And shake busta snitches tweekin' like you
Homies and friends that's what they for
Stayin' tight and money right
And bustin' with a 44

Hangin' out with my homies and I'm feelin' just fine
I've been ponderin' lately
A lot of different things on my mind
It seems lately my friends list
Done took a slight decline
And if you wanna know the truth man, man
Them wasn't no friends of mine

Hangin' out with my homies and I'm feelin' just fine
I've been ponderin' lately
A lot of different things on my mind
It seems lately my friends list
Done took a slight decline
And if you wanna know the truth man, man
Them wasn't no friends of mine

[Snoop]
Get on up to get down
And really go to town
And don't stop till you get enough
I want to rock with you 
Shake your stuff [Repeat: x2]

[Redman]
Yo Yo, Doctor
Everybody hit the floor
Wild out till the security hit the door
I'm dirty
Gorilla paws, bang sugar walls
Hoes want to pop E, hang with a Dogg
I told my man Snoop
She salmonilla
Got a ho with no dough with condoms with her
I'm a ride to the death of Def Squad on my chest
Look at it crook at it
Rob you and jet
Surprise you and flex
Funk in the Cadillac truck with a chicken, bobbing her neck
You done woke up and ain't trying to sleep
You done called up Hugh Heffer to find the freaks
I'ma stay on the street
I'ma stay saying 'fuck you' behind police
My mamma ain't raise no fool, she love me
That's why she hide my tool inside her room
I'm a jump, bump, throw that ass
Rough sex, I gotta fuck with shoulder pads
I'm like baby powder, ain't nann 'nother
Ain't nann ho getting Redman butter
And my man Gutter, DJ Murder Inc.
Ja know them hoes yo we can't love 'em
Underground the heat yeah I stay buzzing
Mixtapes I'm on the street they stay dubbing
Brick City riding,then 'bout it 'bout it
Shoot up you town then we Bin Ladin hidin'
Meth, show'em where the luger kept
Open your safe, show me where the food and vest
I hope when Dre hear this, he give a beat for ten more
Cause I stay on the corner like squegeemen
Yo Nate Dogg, what's happening y'all
Long Beach, Brick City
Scream at your frog

[Nate Dogg]
Everybody shaking
All these hoes around me
She was lost in the land of love
Glad that Nate Dogg found me
Girl you got a phatty
New York back to Cali
You know who got the bomb weed
Long Beach to Brick City
I know just want you want, I got just want you need
Turn that shit around, and back it up on me
Since I was the first, I guess I'll be the last to leave
D-O-double-G, will you keep it gangsta please

[Snoop]
I gots to do it
Yes Yes loc', we keep the best smoke
Me and my nigga, my nerve, my kinfolk
I kick a bitch in the ass and then smoke
I'm a motherfucking fool in the pool doing the breaststroke
You want a problem, then lets go
Cause if not I came to disco
And freak this ho from Acopoqo
And flip her inside out, now I'm bout to ride
Let's go we hit the hood slow
Post up, set up shop and press four
Who got the best flow, who got the most dough
Who got the best hoes, nigga you know
Shit its been ten years since I hit some cess smoke
But I still rock a mean coat on the West Coast
In the summertime
And I crumble mine down to the dandelion
Nigga watch how I handle mine
Spiritual, hear we go, hear this
Snoop D-O-double-G, man I'm so fearless
Square biz, you know what time it is
I'm cool on these niggas but I'm hard on a bitch
Now check dis, fact is
Put your back out, now back in
Go head wiggle it round you feeling me now
Girlfriend, you killing them now

The way you shake your booty
It makes me want your booty
The way you shake your booty
Sure looks good to me [Repeat: x2]

Fa shizzle dizzle, its the big Neptizzle
With the Snoopy D-O-Double Jizzle!
(Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

Bam, boom, what you gone do cous'?
Guess I'm rolling in with them baby blue chucks
And I still got my khakis creased
I'm still rocking on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets
Its the S-N-double-O-P, and, biggest dogg of 'em all
And you's a flea, and
And since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must
And give it to you mother fuckers like bust-a-bust
I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust
And cant none of y'all, fuck wit us
But you can run up on the G but that's not thinking wisely
These pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley
(What the hell is going on? Someone's sleeping in my home)
Snoop to the D-O-Double G
Get in, where you fit in, follow me

Who's the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Get the dro' low anything will stand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz
Here to annihilate you mark-ass busters
Fuck the police cause all they wanna do is cuff us
The one nigga is chilly, as if his name was Usher
But I'm still riding in macks, making 'em G stacks
And got them corn rows to the back
I ain't really trying to be picky
But if you give me somethin, its got to be the sticky
Doing by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncing
Ninety doing faking with kissing on the couching
Boo to the ouchin', more a fountain
But that's how we get another doggy dogg housing
This year we ain't fuck with thousands
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound, with a car fulla bitches
Fuckin grits like Alice

Who's the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Get the dro' low anything will stand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they running on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they running on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they running on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they running on the side!
Take two and pass it, it will not burn you
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Street Journal
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe
Ask Bill Gates (yeah I know the homie Snoop)
Yeah I'm still loaded, hanging with my folk and
Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke"
Cause I done seen so much, enough to have your felons touched
When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data
Nigga fucking stop breathing
That is so relievin', and now ya bitches are leavin'
What I say cause what I say is so real
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel
You don't wanna catch a body, You cant hear the party!
Now that's what you should do, now wheres my baby-boo?

Who's the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Get the dro' low anything will stand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)

Fuck all that ho shit
Fuck all you fuck boys
Bitch, we're real hustlers
Get money,
It's We The Best music, Bad Boy, Coke Boys

I got my gun on me,
I tell my kids I'll never leave them lonely
Fucking streets on me,
Death row Jamaicans murder your family
Fuck what happens tonight,
Fuck what happens tonight
Fuck what happens tonight,
I've got my gun on me

It was murder she wrote, your name in blood
When the love's gone,
Your eyes diluted full of blood
Six cars full of goons, six blocks heard the boom
Dreadlocks, middle of June, head shots, get tombed
Stone, ten shots, five gone, 9/11 dial tone
You want it all, die alone
A war's going on nobody's safe from
Now we're talking to the judge when your day come
Like it was hard not to kill these niggas
It was like a full-time job not to kill these niggas
Eight figures, need the eight story mansion
While I'm strapped up
Two-stepping with the devil dancing
Diluted with blood in my eyes
Like a stillborn,
Niggas won't make it out alive, nigga

I got my gun on me,
I tell my kids I'll never leave them lonely
Fucking streets on me,
Death row Jamaicans murder your family
Fuck what happens tonight,
Fuck what happens tonight
Fuck what happens tonight,
I've got my gun on me

(Ace Hood!)
Fuck it, I'm ready to die tonight
Put it on momma that clip in the back, and I loaded it twice
Just a call away, my niggas is ready, no matter the price
Playing with mine,
You niggas could get it including your wife
Isn't life a motherfucker?
Since seventeen that pistol's been my blood brother
Sleeping with that lethal weapon, playing Danny Glover
AK40, hold a hundred if we're talking numbers
Riders' fucking with mobsters
Niggas want beef? Turn them to pasta
Load up the clip, shoot up your master
Bang bang, bless them father
Passed beside him, rest aside a lake
That's swimming with snakes inside
And look at my eyes, I hate disguises
Knife or gun, I compromise it
Oh Lord, I'm a ride on my enemies
If I die tonight, I bet them gangsters remember me
Nigga, until then

I got my gun on me,
I tell my kids I'll never leave them lonely
Fucking streets on me,
Death row Jamaicans murder your family
Fuck what happens tonight,
Fuck what happens tonight
Fuck what happens tonight,
I've got my gun on me

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
With a bitch on my dick and a bottle of Ciroc
Tick tock, non-stop, blocker, blocker, blood clot
Don't test the lion
'Cause you'll get dropped on the spot
Lick shot, drip drop on soil
Pot's hot until it boils
To this Crip shit, I'm loyal
Dip with us, ride with us,
Slide with us, slip with us
Sit with us, slick with us,
This bad little bitch wanna get with us
Say she likes the French tip nails that I wear
And how I'm so pimped out
With dreads in my hair, yeah
You got truth, now the truth is to dare
Blue bandana, it's me and Montana
At the Tropicana with Tanehsa,
Alisha, Lakesha, Savannah
Nicknames for my blammer

I got my gun on me,
I tell my kids I'll never leave them lonely
Fucking streets on me,
Death row Jamaicans murder your family
Fuck what happens tonight,
Fuck what happens tonight
Fuck what happens tonight,
I've got my gun on me

The smell of blood in the bathroom
Body laid out stiff full of stab wounds
I told this nigga I was coming back
Pussy must not have heard me when I told him that
Nigga, it's eye for an eye
A life for a life, a body for a price
I want to smell his last breath took
And look him in his eyes and make for sure he knows how death looks
Because I'm him, it's in the air, I can feel it
Shot him four times with the gun I was concealing
Over killing, it ain't no coming back from it
Then walked away with a demeanour
Like I just done it
Something evil this way's coming
For big face hundreds this bitch gets punished

I got my gun on me,
I tell my kids I'll never leave them lonely
Fucking streets on me,
Death row Jamaicans murder your family
Fuck what happens tonight,
Fuck what happens tonight
Fuck what happens tonight,
I've got my gun on me

(Uncle Snoop Dogg.) 
Yo' whats up, whats up. 
(Could you read us a bedtime story?) 
Alright, alright. 
Y'all get my ash tray, get my lighter. 
I'm a read y'all a gangsta bedtime story. 
Come here, sit on my lap. 
(Okay.)
Check it out.

Great scotts, it's hot today
He ran up out of bullets so I shot him in his chest
He fell to the floor with his hands in the air
His vision getting blurry but you know I didn't care
Peck, peck, he tried to stay on deck
So I ran up on this nigga and I shot him in his neck
Shooting like a motherfucking Vietnam vet
Riding on this nigga disrespecting my set
No stranger to danger ain't no warning shots
On the hood getting hot, anybody can drop
You better have a spot up in town my nigga
Cause please believe it, it can go down my nigga
Caught up in some traffic behind some hood rat
Grease strikes you out with no get back
Wishing for a steak eating on a Kit Kat 
And your bitch ain't shit the little homie hit that
Sit back and go see, take a trip up with me
Let's go get a stick nigga dip with me
We can ride on some niggas for nothing at all
Even if we cool with 'em, fuck 'em let's go get 'em
LBC in this motherfucker cause
I had to show these niggas what time it was
We got thugs, cons, drugs and guns 
We claiming everything nigga, even dimes and doves
Have you ever slapped a bitch to mack your grip
Or better yet, strapped a clip 
To a motherfucking' nine millimeter for heater 
And put the ride down out of G two seater
You need a nigga like me to get your game like that
Young nigga, you could get a smack for that
I'm that nigga who brought the afro back 
And pat your back and then I turn around and snatch your sack
Before I came out niggas was wearing slack
I brought the curl back and the golf hat
The black poker sack and this scandalous raps
The one eight seven kidnaps and jacks
I brought snaps to the game nigga
Raps to the game nigga, I'm that big rap name nigga
S-N double O-P fa sho
I do my thang way cut throat on the down-low
Oh once upon a time in the LBC
There lived a OG from the DPG
And all the little kids looked up to him
All the women stayed true to him, police tried to do him
But couldn't do nothing to him cause he's like stainless steel
And all they hated on him because he was way to real
I don't know why but he's just so fly
But I gotta end this story by saying goodnight

Yeah,
This is another story about dogs
For the dog that don't pee on trees, is a bitch
So says Snoop Dogg, get your pooper scooper
Cause the nigga's talking shit
Aroof!

I'm sipping on Tanqueray
With my my mind on my money and my mouth in the ganjahy
Are-A-G to the motherfucking E
Back with my nigga S-N double O-P
(Yeah, and ya don't stop)
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
(I said yeah, and you don't quit)
(Hey yo Rage would you please drop some gangsta shit)
I rock ruff and stuff with my Afro Puffs
Handcuffed as I bust bout to tear shit up
Oh what did ya think I, didn't ever think I
Would be the one to make you blink eye, I catch you like pink-eye
Never will there ever be another like me
Um you can play the left, 'cause it ain't no right in me
Out the picture out the frame out the box I knock em all
Smack em out the park, like A Friendly Game of Baseball
Grand, slam, yes I am
Kicking up dust and I don't give a god damn!
Cause I'm that lyrical murderer
Pleading guilty, you know for my skills I'm about to be
Filthy large, Rage in charge
You know what's happenin don't try to play large
This ain't no Rerun, see hun, don't ya want to be one
A cover, word to wreck ya, cause I never get my vocals
I'm loco, close to Constantinople,
I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa
Puffin stuff, hey yo Snoop, you're up
Let these niggas know that niggas don't give a fuck!

This is just a small introduction to the G Funk Era
Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror
And I see motherfuckers trying to be like me
Every since I put it down with the D-are-E

Foaming at the mouth and wagging his tail
Searching through the yards with a keen sense of smell
Looking for the business in heat
And when he find it he'll be sniffing her seat
We travel in packs and we do it from the back
How else can you get to the booty?
We do it Doggystyle, all the while we do it Doggystyle
Yo motherfucking hoes
He fucked the fleas off a bitch
He shacked the ticks off his dick
And in the booty, he buries his motherfucking bone
And if there's any left over
He'll roll over and take a doggy bag home

Damn, that Tanqueray is talking to a nigga
I ain't bullshitting, one of y'all niggas gotta get it
Man I got ta piss
Breath test?

I bang with the gang that don't need no intro
We run from East Long Beach to West South Central
Credentials, to kick flows and rip shows, 
dip 4's and pimp ho's while the indo blow
You know that west coast low mentality
Focused on reality but livin in a hole notha galaxy
We keep it straight hard but guard the spot
Bangas snatch chains in the parkin lot
Don't matta there still be fine ho's to gatha
Pick about the thickest bitch and I gots to hav ha
It's routine the coupe clean let's hit the sho
You know we all fuckin once they glimpse the po
Wit the satin in my hand pack the gat on my lap
Cuz it's hatin when your skaten and your pockets is fat
Don't act for a minute like your ass surprised
Just reconize the real way that gangsta's ride

If it ain't chronic don't blaze it up
And if it ain't a chevy don't raise it up
You know we keep it bangin don't fake the funk
So all the real niggaz stay gangsta'd up
We makein papa only suckas claim to touch
By stickin to the script and neva changin up
You know we keep it bangin don't fake the funk
Keep it real motherfucka stay gansta'd up

It's goin down motherfuckaz like dat
Sounds like Battlecat been upstairs wit Zapp
And the nockin don't stop
I hope nobody don't call the cops
It don't stop the beat'll make your pop block
Na betta yet cuz dis shit'll keep your glock cocked
You think I'm trippin fool I ain't bullshittin
You betta read up on dis shit to keep the latest non-fiction
Watch out for the friction
Dis West Coast on mine
And fuck anybody dssin nigga lissen
Dogg House style cuz I'm a gangsta crip
C-walkin holdin on the extra clip
Now you wanna be a frend
But you gunna make me unload and slap the other clip in reload
You wanna go toe to toe
Sit my pistol down on ground on the pound nigga hell no

I must stay gangsta'd up cuz it just lives in me
And when I seen enuff I guess dats when I'll free sumbody
Once said from willie c. nigga dont speek on me
I wont stop so let me be we are from the streets sumboby

I'm a Long Beach East Side mad ass lunatic
Gang bang slap a bitch nigga out to get a grip
On the grind gettin mine ask the homiez on the 9  2 o you know
We still own niggaz who talk bitch shit
Real niggaz feel dis let's get rich
Under the sun with the young 2 ones TLC's and all the DPG's
Down for whatever who eva wanna see me now
You lookin like me i guess you wanna be me now
It take a hole lot to be Snoop D-O-dub
You gotta put it down and always stay g'd up
All star shoes with the G apparel
If I fall in the club i mite bust a pair of Stacy Adams
You neva catch me lookin R&B;
I mite be in a 3 piece suit lookin way OG
Blazin a ounce with the homie cat
Or Ruff Dogg cuz i luv puttin huslas on the map
I keep it gangsta for sho do lo
And always got the muthfuckin do-do smoke
For all my loc's an ken folks dis is for y'all
Let me hit sumthin dogg
Beware of my clique
We hopin and dropin nuthin but the gangsta shit

If it ain't chronic don't blaze it up
And if it ain't a chevy don't raise it up
You know we keep it bangin don't fake the funk
So all the real niggaz stay gangsta'd up
We makein papa only suckas claim to touch
By stickin to the script and neva changin up
You know we keep it bangin don't fake the funk
Keep it real motherfucka stay gansta'd up

Dogg House sumthin for the 9-5 plus for pennies
Tray-Dee, Goldie Loc 
My nigga Battlecat on the beat huslas for life
West Side
You can't spell the West without the E-S
Ah yes we connectin y'all
Thats how we do it ( do it to em, do it to em )
And we out ( see ya, see your )

Intro:

Yeah, what's happenin?
This one is dedicated to my niggaz
All my niggaz, out there, Gz Up, Hoes Down
Yeah

Verse One:

Ladies and gents, playas and pimps listen
Snoop Doggy doggs on the mic pay attention
1, 2, or what shall I do ?, I'm slippin on my
Khaki suit (which one?) the blue one, gun by
My side, as I mob to the beach, on a mission
And I'm fishin
For my DJ Warren G, now I look for the bud's sack
And see where my loves at, on the lake where the doves at
Cognac is the drink that's drank by G's
Saggin like a motherfucker khakis to they knees
Bitch please, you know how we do the undercover
I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg not your average motherfucker see
Some of you don't know about the G thang baby
It's the smooth gangsta shit that be drivin ya crazy
Now as ya groove to the beat, and ya move to the sound
I'm gonna hit ya with the Pound, Gz Up, Hoes Down

Chorus:

Well, all the real Gz please stand up and
Let all be accounted for, and if you don't give a fuck
About a bitch, then you're rolling with the row

Verse Two:

Back with the 1,2,3, and to the Fo'
It's the S-N-O and to the O... P
Why am I so fly? (I don't know, but) Why am I so high?
It's the indo, I don't fuck with the pocus, everbody knows this
Fuckin with the Chronic, 'cause the Chronic gives me dopeness
Now focus your eyes on these
Follow me, as I take ya rollin' with the Real OG's
East Side, is the motherfuckin place, known as home
Doggy Dogg with my bone in my hand, and 20 grand, and
Some of you don't know about the G thang baby
It's the smooth gangsta shit that be drivin ya crazy
Now as ya groove to the G-Funk, and move to the sound
I'm gonna hit ya with the Pound, Gz Up, Hoes Down

Chorus

Outro:

Hell yeah, YaknowhatI'msayin?
This is stricly for the Gz, yeah
Fuck that bitch
Niggaz alwayz be handcuffin that hoe
When a nigga like me steps in the place
I don't want that hoe, I don't love that hoe
I'm caught up with my greens: collard greens, indo, and the cash flow
YaknowhatI'msayin?
Peace...
Gz up, Hoes Down

[Chorus]
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

[Verse One]
Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys
It's 19-9-tre so let me just play
It's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre
But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch
To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up
So sit back relax new jacks get smacked
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack
I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checkin'
The dopest motherfucker that ya hearin' on the record
It's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P
D-O-double-G-why, the D-O-double-G
I'm fly as a falcon, soarin' through the sky
And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide
So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy
I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie
I'm crazy, you can't phase me
I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress
I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see
Every single day, chillin' with the D-O-double-G's
P-O-you-N-D that's my clique, my crew
Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up 
I thought ya knew, but yet and still
Ya want to get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill
And feel, the motherfuckin' realism
Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic I'm hittin' hard as steel nigga

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
How many hoes in your motherfuckin' group
Want to take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille
Chill, as I take you on a trip
Where them niggas ride, and slide, you know about the East Side
Niggas like myself, here to show you where it's at
With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back
Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me
But you know how that goes
We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row
Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip
Still clockin' grip, and really don't give a shit
About nothin' at all, just my Doggs, steppin' through the fog
And I'm still gonna fade em all
With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hangin'
How many hoes in ninety-four will I be bangin'?
Every single one, to get the job done
As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one
Where the sun be shinin' and I be ryhmin'
It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbin'

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
I come creepin' through the fog with my saggin' Dukes
East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeBille
I'm rollin' with the G Funk, bumpin' in my shit and it don't quit
So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set
A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit
With the Eastside hoes on my motherfuckin' dick
And the Compton niggas all about to set trip
Swing it back, bring it back, just like this
And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff
And keep the motherfuckin' blunt in your pocket loc
Cause Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke
See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from
And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some
But watch the gun by my side
Because it represents me and the motherfuckin' East Side
So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow
Yippie yo, you can't see my flow
My shit is dope, original, now you know
And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow

[Chorus]

[Chorus]
G is for the gang of money I make
F is for the gang of fools I break
you is for the undisputed champ
N is 'cause you never gonna get the mic back
K is for the niggas that I knock on they back
Damn is feels good to see Long Beach on the map
Till the day I'm dead I'm gonna keep that shit real
Now you niggas know G-Funk's for real

To those people who don't believe in G-funk
Tried to take my style and make a quick buck
here's a message to one and all
Your pass is revoked
Now I'm havin' a ball
Any questions come and see me
the king of  G-Funk the one and only
Congratulations you sound like Nate
You took my old hook 
And got me paid

[Chorus]

Some people are nothin' but clones
Some people have styles of their owm
Some people are copycats
These people can't get the mic back
Can you feel me one-hitter quitters
You can't copy me, I'm one in a million
Call any expert and you can ask him
Copy machines can't copy platinum

[Chorus]

When you feel like some cavy G-Funk
You need some music to bumb in your trunk
I got a baseline, a gangsta tune
Put on the classics and your head will be movin' soon

[Chorus]

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys
It's 19-9-tre so let me just play
It's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre
But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch
To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up
So sit back relax new jacks get smacked
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack
I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checking
The dopest motherfucker that ya hearing on the record
It's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P
D-O-double-G-why, the D-O-double-G
I'm fly as a falcon, soaring through the sky
And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide
So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy
I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie
I'm crazy, you can't phase me
I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress
I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see
Every single day, chilling with the D-O-double-G's
P-O-you-N-D that's my clique, my crew
Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up
I thought ya knew, but yet and still
Ya want to get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill
And feel, the motherfucking realism
Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic I'm hitting hard as steel nigga

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

How many hoes in your motherfucking group
Want to take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille
Chill, as I take you on a trip
Where them niggas ride, and slide, you know about the East Side
Niggas like myself, here to show you where it's at
With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back
Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me
But you know how that goes
We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row
Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip
Still clocking grip, and really don't give a shit
About nothing at all, just my Doggs, stepping through the fog
And I'm still gonna fade em all
With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hanging
How many hoes in ninety-four will I be banging?
Every single one, to get the job done
As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one
Where the sun be shining and I be ryhming
It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbing

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

I come creeping through the fog with my sagging Dukes
East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeBille
I'm rolling with the G Funk, bumping in my shit and it don't quit
So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set
A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit
With the Eastside hoes on my motherfucking dick
And the Compton niggas all about to set trip
Swing it back, bring it back, just like this
And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff
And keep the motherfucking blunt in your pocket loc
'cause Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke
See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from
And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some
But watch the gun by my side
Because it represents me and the motherfucking East Side
So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow
Yippie yo, you can't see my flow
My shit is dope, original, now you know
And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

Mac Minista in defense of the honorable Snoop Dogg
The anti-player has filed and submitted
An alpha-davit in the Game Court
With trumped up charges against my client
Snoop Dogg, Tha Doggfather
For 227 counts of flexing his G's, popping his P's
Dotting his I's and crossing his T's

The anti-player has filed and submitted
An alpha-davit in the Game Court
With trumped up charges against my client
Snoop Dogg, Tha Doggfather
For 357 counts of verbal and reckless endangerment

From the million dollar mouthpiece
And leaving these super-sap suckers
Discombobulated and confused
And shook up, like a pair of dice

The anti-player has filed and submitted
An alpha-davit in the Game Court
Charging my client Snoop Dogg, Tha Doggfather
For distributing and manufacturing game
Crossing state and county lines
With the intent to pimp the system

Now if you wanna judge Tha Doggfather
Bring him before twelve G's and open up his files
And you will see that ever since Snoopy was a pup
His tail was straight up, ready to shake rattle and roll
And charge from a hoe to a henchman about his pension

So all you jerks with them eleven dollar words
Comin' out of your two dollar mouth
About a multi-million dollar Crip
Who's got the mind of a bid'ness man, the heart of a tyrant
And the tongue of a mack, I said

He's a five-star guerilla Crip with bars and stars
While you suckers is lookin' for stripes
His game is as sharp as a mosquito's needle
And with this in mind, I'm gonna ask the Game Court
To grant a motion of 995 grounds of dismissal

Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game
Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game
Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game

Gunblast echo fast and all I seen was loose cash
I hit the flo' & when they go I make sure I grab all the dough
The scene: long beach yeah '86 
Where: the liquor store nigga on some devilish shit
I went in to grab a drink but I came out a felon
My homeboy got away but shit I wasn't tellin'
So I fell in a trap with no getback
They threw away the key and now I'm a og
In the county jail rappin & bangin' at the same time
And since I don't smoke cigarettes loc
Shit I gotta slang mine
And I ain't tryin' to get on swole so I ain't fuckin' with the iron
I got bitches bringin' me money & ain't a godamn thing funny
My homeboy devil from the hcg and young side trey r.i.p
From the etg  and oh yeah baby ken dawg
From the westside four-o's got love for short and my
Homeboy j-ball from the seven four from that gang
And the homeboy tracy d from
The big bad ass ese gang them straight killas & they know
I got game & that's real from a trio nigga havin' green
Get yo' hustle on nigga 'fore you end up dead
It's too much paper to get can ya dig it?
Later on this evening I got a lick nigga is you down wit' it?
Shit...

Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game

There's ten laws to the game nigga be raised by 'em all
Get ya respect on at all times nigga hustle 'til ya ball
Watch them hatas and pretendas and all the shit they do
Cause nowadays some of these niggas be bitches too
Keep the business professional get ya heat at all times
Keep them snitches on the sideline
Cause you know pressure burst the pipeline
Keep ya eyes on ya enemies watch those close to ya
See them outside niggas can't touch ya
It be the ones inside that do ya
Smilin' in ya face but want to take yo' place
Fuck around and be playa let's make a deal with the d.a.
Don't be ridin' with no niggas
Who ain't sure if he gon' get down
Cause it only take a split second
To get ya buck buck and lay down
Hesitation'll buy ya fate get that ass all caught up
Ya little homey might be cool
If them other two priors ain't brought up
Remember took time to kill smash and don't give a fuck
Be a hog about ya papers straight hungry for that der come up
Respect the game feel what the soldier talkin' about
If you got to be in that game stack ya change
And get the fuck out!

Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game
Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game
Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game

Game recognize game kickin' back smokin' mary jane
I'm gettin' high in the game my little
Homey popped him with the cane
Some niggas only in it for the fame
Niggas ain't ready for the game
If you ain't down then get the fuck out the game
Or represent yo' thang
Ghosttown lb sb brookfield 76 folktown & the 90's
Twomp twomp put yo' guns up
When the tank dogg roll up who got the weed nigga hold up
I'm the king of oakland nigga raise up
I ain't givin' a fuck I'm still hugged
Cause my down south niggas show me love
And the muthafuckin' gifts dancin' in the club
That's game

Game that's my thang
And it ain't no rules when you in this game

Steady mobbin', d o double g, ain't no limit to that shit
Nigga carlos on the beat beats by the pound
'bout 3:34 in the morning don't even matter
We puffin' all night, straight game, game.
I got all my game from my momma yeah
A nigga didn't gave me none of this shit that's real.
Wanna say what up to my momma, for givin'
Me all this game...

I'm not down with the republic party or the democratic party
I represent the gangsta party
The gangsta party, yes sir

I ain't no gangbang rookie let the gangbang fool ya
I'm a boss out here on the west
Killah coast is my home rich rollin' on my throne with my blue bandana on my neck
Girl, come fuck with Snoop, sign up on my team there's a little room left
Girl, you heard all my songs, steady wrong, steady wrong, don't get your ass left
Church on the move nigga, now got and hit the turf with the news nigga
I got some advice for you new niggers, you wanna be in the league well tell'em who sent ya?

D-O double G, hoes with double Ds, in line to double D
Twistin' up the old G, about a whole P, until I O.D.
The one they all wanna come and see, hoes lovin' me, you niggers wanna be (Snoop, Snoop)
Even blood fuck occurs, I hate the club, they're all showing me love,
They like Snoop Dogg

Can I get you a autograph, so put that DPG doggy style and aftermath
I just laugh while I'm twistin' up another zag bad bitches kissin' takin' bubble bath
I ain't no gangbang rookie police tryna put me I'm a modern day tricky on a set
I got the whole party poppin' see you hater niggas jokin' all these ice cold diamonds on my chest
They see my whole team thugging, not in mean mugging But that no mean nothing
'Cause if there's problem I put the problem solver,
Call a 30 gig revolver, put the end to all this drama, hmm
Top dolla with the gold flee collar, get them Euros
Get them dollars, get them zeros, get them numbers, yeah
It's time to get this change guess I'm like Obama
But I'm gonna stay the same with my mother fuckin' mama

Snoop, Snoop, 
D-O double G, hoes with double Ds, in line to double D
Twistin' up the old G, about a whole P, until I O.D.
The one they all wanna come and see, hoes lovin' me, you niggers wanna be (Snoop, Snoop)
Even blood fuck occurs, I hate the club, they're all showing me love,
They like Snoop Dogg 


So what I locus, Long Beach east side is the place to be
Skinny side, low head honcho, filling up our Wop gang  
And you already know what it is
I ain't no gang bang rookie, trying to overlook me 
Long Beach, east side, skin saga rolo, at the bottom pat sun  
I'm shopping on the set Leslie Howe for endo
And she hit me up for some rainbow
If you dare know about my get-go
Dee, keen G young Pilot, fuck with
Old G what a young men, thirteen got a head like an old man
One daddy who I fuck with
When I was young my mum said I looked like Snoop
And we ride in the coupe and the top back Doggy style, banging our muff 
Two, one what it do, I got a other chick, I'm a take her to my dick, homey
And I'm thinking crystal clear, diamonds on my dick shiny like a chandelier 
Like, even blood we're cut, damnI can't believe in the club with it
(Snoop, Snoop, Snoop)
Young Pilot, young Pilot

It's gangsta

Welcome to the D where the concrete cracks from the weather
When it's cold, keep buyin' weed packed in the leather
Heat, hail, or sleet, it's snow sleepin'
Stackin' this cheddar, PI mackin' forever
In the D strapped for whatever happens
Whatever cat rappin' that bullcrap we pull that
Dilla with the capital letters
Niggas deliver it good, Dilla just be rappin' it better
Let's just get off of me for a minute
And offer these somethin' awful, me
D-I C-I kill niggas awfully
And be sure that I'm not Al B
Bounce to the bar fool
If a nigga on some raw bull
Pull up with a fuckin' car full
What? I got my nigga Kokane and Snoop
And Hi-Tek to make it gangster for you

It's gangsta

A-B-C-D-E-F
Take a look around it's only me left
W-E-S-T S-I-D-E spend it to get dizzy
D-O double G is he
Willin' to fulfillin' while I'm chillin'
Crip appealin' with my nigga J Dillin', illin'
Still in the motherfuckin' place to be
I show you motherfuckers how a gangster G
Underwater boogie with my homegirl Cookie
Shoutout to the hardest Crip ever, Big Tookie
Rules and regulations choose my innovation
Cruise my levitation
Smooths my reputation
Will bankin', no prankster
For 21 years been known to keep it gangster
One nation up under the groove
I met Obama in some Snoop Dogg house shoes
Cuh

It's gangsta

I've never been no prankster
I've always kept it gangster
Killas, real niggas, they feel us
It's Snoop Dogg, Kokane, and J Dilla

It's gangsta

[Master P] 
(LBC, New Orleans ha ha) Yo dog, uh

[Snoop] 
Sup P?

[Master P:]
(Ha ha) That's some real shit 
(Where the hot boys at,
Where the hot girls at) [Repeat: x6] 
Ya heard me?
Ya heard me?
The game is to be sold not to be told, ha ha
Now this No Limit shit, No Limit nigga
Everybody want to know how this shit happens, but we ain't playa hatin
And what's goin on, but ya know what?
It don't  get no realer than this though dog

[Chorus: x2]
West-side niggas getting bout it, 
I said East-side niggas getting rowdy, 
Mid-west niggas getting bout it, 
South-side niggas getting rowdy (yea)

[Snoop]
Fuck that man, the game is to be sold, not to be told, first things first
I'm a gangsta, nigga, so I'ma roll
Ya got to get bout it or without it
I had to shake the spot cause the game got crowded
I'm devoted and quote it, I'm rowdy and bout it
A No Limit Soldier, and happy to shout it
Got this tank on my neck, got my tech. on deck
I slap raps at your caps and try to make my snaps
Nick-Nack patty-wack big happy sack, the dealer is back
And I'm ridin' through your neighborhood dippin' in my Cadillac
I'm selling this shit, I ain't telling this shit
I'm a motherfucking two-time felon ya bitch
From the cold hearted streets of the LBC 
To a mansion in the south down the street from my nigga P
See, real niggas recognize the realness
Put ya motherfucking choppers up if ya feel this
(Bust one) Now bust one (gun shot) Not just one (two gun shots)
And if ya want some get some, I bet we got some
Busta's discuss us, niggas poppin all the Ying-Yang
Still the Dogg Pound Gang (DPG, Man) 
Beats still funky, Beats by the Pound in the house,
At the mutha fuckin door

[Chorus: x2]

[Snoop]
(Getting rowdy) Everybody in the game, say the same
Is Snoop's still that gang bang cocaine nigga slanging everything
I'm trying to get as much as I need
While I fuck with these out of town hoes blowing all they weed (shut up)
Parlaying, so what ya saying
Bring a couple buddies wit ya, girl we ain't playin
Baby must miss read me, cause she miss lead me
Has some niggas come by later (what?) and try to spray me (bitch)
But I'm just to quick, slick and sly
When it's time to ride I let the bullets fly cause it's do or die (die die)
I wear blue seven days out the week (for life)
I mob the street, DP, while I'm holding my heat
I want to warn you, shit they got killers on the East, Mid-West, up North, down
South in California
So if you got your chrome, you need to stay in the zone
And get a vest for your motherfucking dome
Cause it's on like a dog with out his bone
I'm in it to win it and No Limit is my home (for life for life)
Nigga, real niggas recognize the realness
Put ya motherfucking choppers up if ya feel this
(Bust one) Now bust one (gun shot) Not just one (two gun shots)
And if ya want some get some, (what up what up) I bet we got some (got some)

[Chorus: x4]

[Master P]
Nigga, bout it bout it ha ha
Snoop Dogg, Master P, and the whole No Limit mutha fuckin family nigga
From the South to the West to the East to the middle
To the motherfucking world!
Ha ha real niggas and bitches unite

Young Chop on the beat

Ay yo nephew
I think it's time to put some of that real sticky-icky-icky in the motherfuckin' air
But in a Backwood, ya dig?

I wanna get high, yeah
'Bouta go call my go-to guy, yeah
Got no Backwoods, fly yeah
I'm 'bout to break one down with my supplies, yeah

Roll up some gas, I'm not talkin' a car
Shawty she bad, fuck 'round take her to the stars
Brand new dash, I got brand new cash
Brand new chick, got her brand new ass

Give the password, psych
'Bout to drink a whole lot of syrup, aight
But the Bentley coupe missing, the stash on the curb
Watch the city go missing, the young nigga ran off with li'l biddy birds
Fuck you talkin', bitch you ran off on 'em
How these li'l handcuffs and you cops can't cop me
In the back of the cab, this hoe sucking dick from the front seat
This her aftermath, like I got 50 Cent on me (straight stacks)
Trap spot's like a store
Nigga got a couple choppers on the floor
Watch that door (watch that door)
Watch that door (you gotta watch that door, yeah)
Watch that door

I roll up two point fives
Happy four twenty, roll up two point fives
Way too stoned, don't remember these guys
Hold up, so high I'mma risk my life, ain't even tryna go to these skies
Hold up strollers
I want the whole cut
I make a slut slut
I eat it cold cut
Hair getting longer
Weed getting stronger
'Bout to strong arm her
'Bout to go and bone girl
She got a cameltoe, I call her Marlboro
I take you from the stars, take you to my world
But she didn't get a chance to get my number
She missed out on llama, she missed out on me and my mama

I wanna get high, yeah
'Bouta go call my go-to guy, yeah
Got no Backwoods, fly yeah
I could break one down with my supplies, yeah

Roll up some gas, I'm not talkin' a car
Shawty she bad, fuck 'round take her to the stars
Brand new dash, I got brand new cash
Brand new chick, got her brand new ass

With a lot of old money
Everybody want somethin' from me
Got to keep my hands on the steering wheel
'Cause I foot the bill and I shoot to kill
And I slide around in that Snoop DeVille
And my gas tank is on full
Stack goods, them Backwoods
We cock back and we pull
Bubblegum, cookies, OG, and KK
We like Craig and Dae Dae, who gives a fuck what they say?
I be out here gettin' it, gotta get it 'cause I got it on
I'm the same nigga that you bitch niggas plotted on
It ain't as easy as I make it look
See what I'm sayin', I ain't playin', nigga take a look
We on that G shit, nigga we lit, and I'm seasick for real
Fuck a thug, what it does, let's get this motherfuckin' money cuz
I mean that new money, that blue money with new faces
Them new cases and new bases and new aces
Florida-anapolis, ain't no stoppin' us
Power preaches patience
Balling in two places
Exchanges, smoke faces

Count this money on a PJ in my PJs
Goin' fast, get in tussles on the E-way
Smoking on that OG
I fell on my AP, got me a Rollie
I got a bad bitch and I call her dopey
And her head dope
And she suck me off the perky, keep her hands off
I don't fuck with vapors but I'm high-igh-igh
I got a bad bitch, I know she bi-i-i-i-i

I wanna get high, yeah
'Bouta go call my go-to guy, yeah
Got no Backwoods, fly yeah
I could break one down with my supplies, yeah

Roll up some gas, I'm not talkin' a car
Shawty she bad, fuck 'round take her to the stars
Brand new dash, I got brand new cash
Brand new chick, got her brand new ass

See man, a lot of you niggas think y'all can smoke with us
But umm
This shit is a marathon man
This ain't no motherfuckin' umm, hundred yard dash
Man step back
You ain't in our league
Thugger Thug, Doggy Dog
Nephew we on
We out

[Snoop Dogg]
Yo.. and this is No Limit records
I am Snoop D-O motherfuckin double G
Partyin with my ??? Silkk The Shocker
You a made man now nigga
Yeah

[Silkk The Shocker]
Year round party
y'all get em up, get it up
What up Snoop?

[Snoop Dogg]
Wake up, jump out of bed and get dressed
My life is a mess, naah better yet it's a test
I snatched the chopper from the coppers then put on my vest
Life's a baseball game out west
Oh yes, you rockin with the best, the S
N double O-P, your grandmama know me
So for all my homegirls and all my homies
Ain't no limit picnic and it's on me
Our world is G so roll with me
And Silkk The Shocker and grab some gin for this vodka
Got summertime rockin for your jeeps and trucks
Big June Bug in the house, what up
Got a jar full of dope and a box of blunts
Hoes in the house, if you see em turn em out
Bitches walkin by sayin hi to me
And niggas givin dat cause they ride with me

[Snoop Dogg/(Silkk The Shocker)]
We goin throw a party so my homies come and chill 
(give it up, get it up)
All the hoes invited so you know we goin get ill 
(give it up, get it up)
We goin throw a party so ladies come and chill 
(give it up, get it up)
All my dogs invited so we gotta keep it real

[Silkk The Shocker]
Yo yo yo
It ain't nothin but a N-O L-I-M-I to the T
Party, so all my dogs could ride with me
Hopped out the drop, the drivers side of course
You seen me somewhere before, you did, 
probably was in the Vibe or the Source
You know what I do when it's time to floss
I'm a do it, you know I ain't got time to talk
But I see somethin in the corner and she lookin kinda fly
I tell my dog Snoop (psst psst) 
man you might as well go ahead and stop me
(Lemme holla at you dog) She done met up with a star, eye contact
I nodded, she nodded back, then we met up at the bar
I told her I keep ice on my wrist, tight keep ice on my chin
And I'll still respect you tomorrow, and tonight I hit it
But you only got a couple minutes to choose
And my time is like dollars so I only got a couple minutes to lose
In a minute I'm a hop in my ride, if you in this cool
If not ya gotta make a decision by the time I finish my food
Now what

[Snoop Dogg/(Silkk The Shocker)]
We goin throw a barbecue so niggas light the grill 
(give it up, get it up)
All my dogs invited so you know we goin get ill 
(give it up, get it up)
We goin throw a barbecue so ladies light the grill 
(give it up, get it up)
All my dogs invited so you got to keep it real

[Silkk The Shocker/(Snoop Dogg)]
Now I used to be on the block, 
now I'm in the drop chillin with Snoop
But I walk through the door I feel animosity (oh you feelin it too)
Probably cause we say our name we could be stealin they booth
Probably cause I'm platinum, we dark, could be chillin at two
(The south west connect, big chains on our neck
Boy give us respect, y'all shit on deck)
Aight Snoop, you got the weed (yeah) and I got the liquor (fa sho)
Meach got the food but who got the strippers (I don't know)
Cause ain't no party like the ones we drove (whassup)
And um, ain't no cars like the ones we drove 
And um, ain't no dollars like the ones we fold
When we give somethin, call us, it's outta control
(So whether it's summertime, winter, spring or fall
Look for somethin big from Silkk and Top Dogg)
We party with nothin but bud, nothin but thugs
East to west, peep the best, keep it stress, nothin but love (yeah)
Fuck

[Snoop Dogg/(Silkk The Shocker)]
We goin throw a party so my homies come and chill 
(give it up, get it up)
All the hoes invited so you know we goin get ill 
(give it up, get it up)
We goin throw a party so ladies come and chill 
(give it up, get it up)
All my dogs invited so we gotta keep it real 
(give it up, get it up)

[Silkk The Shocker]
Ain't nothin but a party baby
G'z out here goin crazy
How the world goin even fade us
Either love or hate us
Ain't nothin but a party baby
Two low down G'z goin crazy

Yeah
Ain't nothin but a, huh
And my cell phone goin off in this bitch, what
Yeah ha
We ain't even trippin dog
Shoutout to the whole world
What
This the end
Till next time
I'm out

Girl go on drop that shit for the homie Black-Ty

Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
Girl I wanna see that ass on the pole
Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
I wanna see you shake that ass on the pole

Look at daddy's little girl, dancin' on the pole
Look at daddy's little girl twenty five years old
I like it when they nice and grown, they make me moan
They love gettin' freaky when daddy's not home
She ain't afraid to get freaky in the parkin' lot
She goes straight to the head, she don't talk a lot
Scorpios are the freakiest hoes
They be walkin 'round mad, 'cause they gotta wear clothes
Nope, uh-uh, not with me
I was born on the West, girl I'm off the heezy
I don't need extacy, I already a freak
Girl just get on your knees and, drop drop drop drop
(Go on drop it girl!)

Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
Girl I wanna see that ass on the pole
Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
I wanna see you shake that ass on the pole

You like a Chinese acrobat
But can you do a back flip in my Cadillac?
Jump out on the corner like you on the stage
When you meet a pimp, what you think I'm gonna say?
Biatch! 'cause I know yo' style
I'm the kind of nigga make hoes go wild
Biatch! How you do that shit?
Sideways on the pole, baby do that trick
Cause while they wanna buy you bitches cars
When you dance, you make niggas dicks get hard
I gotta give you my money 'cause I want a lap dance?
What you wanna do, make me cum in my pants?
You a nasty little bitch and I'm a cool playa
I'ma spank you on your ass and I'ma pull your hair
You think I wanna fall in love and move us up in a house?
Nah bitch, I wanna bust a nut in your mouth, biatch

Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
Girl I wanna see that ass on the pole
Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
I wanna see you shake that ass on the pole

Can you click it, can you clap it, can you make it pause?
Can you slide down a pole while holdin' my balls?
First you put it in, and then you take it out
Get low on the flo' ho, now turn it out

Biatch what you got for me? Money bubble cushy
Another way to get it or another piece of pussy
I heard she was the fire, well why you say that?
Cause she pay what she weigh homie, bring her to the back

So I can put dick on her, dick in her, y'know?
I wanna see how low this lil' ho will go
She say she love Black-Ty, and Snoop Dogg
Well serve Kurupt and suck the big homie $hort Dawg

I like big bitches 'cause they thick
The type of bitch that like to eat a dick, now peep this
Look, all I really wanna see is asses clappin'
Eat dick now and later like nothin' ever happened (get low bitch)

Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
Girl I wanna see that ass on the pole
Drop, drop, get low with it
Drop, drop, get low
Drop, drop, get low with it
I wanna see you shake that ass on the pole

Aww!
Ha, I had to do it baby
Black-Ty, Baby G
With three triple O.G.'s, ha ha
West Coast niggas, yeah
Ride, ride, drop, drop, drop
Ha, to all my niggas in them six-fo' Impalas
This is what I want y'all to do
Drop, drop, drop, drop, drop, drop
Aight y'all, to be continued niggas
Black-Ty, ha

[Ginuwine]
You think you know but you have no clue
No idea
You don't know G
I mean you really really don't Know G

[Chorus]
Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready
Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready

[Snoop Dogg]
Hell Yeah ya better get ready
What's cracka lacking
It's the big dog
I'm in the hizzle with my nizzle Gin you izzle
And I mean from player to player
It's only right if I gots to pass the throne
I gots to pass the throne
I gots to pass it to my nephew G
He's bonafide, Qualified, and the ladies would definitely testify
Matter fact G
Holla at them Nephew

[Ginuwine]
Fa Sho
Pass the Hennessey
I'm about to get bent
Toss the box of blunts
Let me roll the upper lip
Don't make me pop things
Cause I gets off the chain
You don't know me
But you're bout to
It's the real me
And I thought you knew

[Chorus]

Niggas get ready

[Snoop Dogg]
I mean I mean Ginuwine is so official
Like a referee with a whistle
Better yet like a gangsta with a pistol
So you Niggas better get ready
Yeah I know
Matter fact G
Give it 'em doggy style
I know they ain't ready but they got to get ready
You do you I do me
And we keep it like a G
Pass me that Hennessey
Fa Sho

[Ginuwine]
Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready (oh yeah and me, I'm right with it, I'm riding shotgun)
Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready
Niggas get ready

Pass the Hennessey
I'm about to get bent
Toss the box of blunts
Let me roll the upper lip
Don't make me pop things
Cause I gets off the chain
You don't know me
But you're bout to
It's the real me
And I thought you knew

[Chorus]

Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready
(now it's about time to show you me
so I'm gonna show you me, so I'm gonna show you G)
Niggas get ready it's time to explore
The world of the real one
Niggas get ready

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah the senior
And you graduating with honors nephew
And that's from the top dollar with honors and scholars
Ginuwine a little something for the ladies
And the players too
You got to do it
Preach
Yea better get ready

Now it's a few rules in the game if you really wanna play
Let's get this straight off top
Bitch get wit it (Bitch, get wit it)
And roll up (Roll up)
Can't talk about it, be about it, we gon' have to see about it
Yeah, and get wit it, get wit it and roll up, roll up

Isaiah 54:17, no weapon formed against me shall prosper
I got a whole team of angels guarding me from all the danger
And keep that .357 under my seat for all the haters
Rappin', one of the last rap niggas snappin'
Niggas playin' sleep, I'm St. Nick with the package
Blessed with the gift and only 3 Stacks can match me
Light years ahead of you niggas, another galaxy
Boi keep the club packed to capacity
Hands in the air, bitches make it clap for me
Automatically, the DJ bring it back for me
And drop a bomb on it with the horns (Yeah)
Globally adored
For sure put Atlanta on the board and I'll be runnin' up the score 
No etiquette like Belichick and Brady on you hoes
See, now teamwork make the dream work, that's how it goes

Now it's a few rules in the game if you really wanna play
Let's get this straight off top
Bitch get wit it (Bitch, get wit it)
And roll up (Roll up)
Can't talk about it, be about it, we gon' have to see about it
Yeah, and get wit it, get wit it, roll up, roll up

Gotta keep the money coming on time (Money)
Need to go ahead and get your mind right (Paper)
Recognize it's pimpin', bitch, you gon' get wit it, roll up
Blowing on strong all day
Shawty keep looking this way (Say what?)
She recognize the pimpin' and she gon' get wit it
Roll up

First thing she seen when I fell through
A little bit of talk but I walks with a clear view
Dynamic, organic, Iceberg Slim selling trim on the Titanic
Underwater wit' it, let me show you how to do it to the fullest
I'm the hardest, I'm the realest, I'm the dopest, I'm the coolest
While I'm doing, while I'm doing, check it out
And I ain't gotta have a motherfucking record out
I'm just a West Coast player, say 'fee fi fo'
Long Beach nigga with that Eastside flow
Dipped in the sauce, 'imp with the limp
I'm a pimp and a boss, let me show you how to get it off
Keep a blue flag to the left of me
And shoot my shit with trajectory
Big money, big cars, big toys making big noise
Holla at 'em Big Boi

Now it's a few rules in the game if you really wanna play
Let's get this straight off top
Bitch get wit it (Bitch, get wit it)
And roll up (Roll up)
Can't talk about it, be about it, we gon' have to see about it
Yeah, and get wit it, get wit it and roll up, roll up

Gotta keep the money coming on time (Money, money)
Need to go ahead and get your mind right (Get it, get it)
Recognize it's pimpin', bitch, you gon' get wit it, roll up
Blowing on strong all day
Shawty keep looking this way (What she looking at?)
She recognize the pimpin' and she gon' get wit it
Roll up

I'm true to it, had a yellow Cadillac
And I sold my blue Buick
Spend a lot of money but I'll never blow through it
Never blew through it
Only thing I blow through is pussy, I'm never pushy
In my youth I used to lock it but I don't (I love her)
Like that, because I'm married and I won't (do nothing)
Split that pie up, no more, it's gone
Since Thanksgiving, I split it four ways, it's wrong
Wrong all for my kids and my family
First generation Patton clan, bitch, get at me
I's the pappy, the papi and the father
The only Maury I rock with are gators or hardough
Crocs, I'm sharper than your Sharper Image
In your catalog, nigga, eat your spinach
Or your leafy greens, long BB team
We don't see no seeds, it's straight bud like their roses

Now it's a few rules in the game if you really wanna play
Let's get this straight off top
Bitch get wit it (Bitch, get wit it)
And roll up (Roll up)
Can't talk about it, be about it, we gon' have to see about it
Yeah, and get wit it, get wit it
(You gots to get wit this shit, mayne)
And roll up, roll up (It's real pimpin', man)

Gotta keep the money coming on time (We gettin' money)
Need to go ahead and get your mind right (Straight pimpin')
Recognize it's pimpin', bitch, you gon' get wit it, roll up
(Recognize when it's in your face, you little bitch)
Blowing on strong all day (Yes, sir)
Shawty keep looking this way (You dig)
She recognize the pimpin' and she gon' get wit it
Roll up

Sup ma? You want to roll with us, y'knowhatI'msayin?
It's good, it's love, it's all love
We got cases of Belvedere, we gon' play truth or dare
We gon' really get to know one another
All you gotta do is put your hair down, get your mind right
Knahmean?  I'm here for you, yo

Relax yourself, let your conscience be free
You now rolling with them thugs from the R-O-C
Ain't no place on the planet that you'd rather be
But in the blue flame, bitch you're new to the game
Cross over to the Roc, make yourself hot
The topic of discussion in every nail shop
It's a secret society, all we ask is trust
And within a week, watch your arm freeze up
Brassiere get right, A to a D cup
Weave get tight, pedicure your feet up
Ears get iced, gear get spiced
From hoodrat to superstar, there's your life
Fuck with Hova, he can take you out of your hell
Say bye to Reebok, say hi to Chanel
Say hi to Gucci, Prada as well
Take a look in the mirror, be proud of yourself

Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family

Yo, I'm young Memphis, used to play the apprentice
Now I'm like the teacher, c'mere, let me teach ya
How to play them benches, hold this work in your dentures
How to play it cool when police come to pinch us
Relax mami, let the Belvy flow
Inhale the 'dro, exhale it slow
I could teach you how to roll, teach you bout fly kicks
Teach you how to keep your nose up out of my shit
When the beeper goes off, please don't reach
Like you put a ring or spend cheese on Bleek
Get your mind right baby, goin through mine crazy
When I'm in the shower, *69 me crazy
Track my last call, contact my broad
With a bitch or two had physical contact in the mall
You got issues, problems you need to iron out
I will, holla, for now you on time out

You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C
C'mon little mama, c'mon
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
C'mon little mama, c'mon
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
C'mon baby girl, c'mon
And I need gangsta girls, for my gangsta family
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
C'mon little mama, c'mon

P-I-M-P-ology
I played you and you paid me
Believe me when I tell you girl I know you a freak
For fuckin with me, that ain't all you can be
Just put your mind to it you can go real far
I know times gettin hard on the boulevard
They say, pimpin is dead; man, pimpin ain't dead
These hoes just scared and they blind tryin and dyin to be lead
But who's to lead 'em?  Talk shit to 'em and beat 'em
Get they mind right and feed 'em
Now I don't need 'em (uh uh) but I can do that there
Put on a three-piece suit and Shirley Temple my hair
So I can, feel like a player when I walk in the place
Got yo' bitch all on my line and now she up in my face
Is this yo' bitch is that yo' bitch cause if she's not she mine
She fallin fo' a nigga and I ain't even dropped a line

Get out my limelight bitch and get your mind right
C'mon little mama, c'mon
Get your mind right bitch, get your mind right
C'mon baby girl, c'mon, c'mon

You gotta play your part when you're rollin with the R-O-C
Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
You gotta know what it takes to be down with a nigga like me
Get your mind right ma, get your mind right
I need a gangsta girl, who can ride in my passenger seat
Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right
And I need gangsta girls for my gangsta family

Get your mind right mami, get your mind right
Get your mind right ma, get your mind right huh?
Got ta get your mind right baby, get your mind right

[Snoop Dogg (Damian Marley)]
Say man, lemme-lemme get a light homey (Yeah!)
Hey, hey, Timbo, this yo' crippin cousin Snoop Dogg cous'! (Yeah!)
I told you we gotta get gorilla on this one right here man
Take 'em to the zoo!
To the L.A. zoo, take these niggas to the L.A. zoo
Yeah nigga, 'bout to get,
Ain't shit crazy in here in a long time (Snoop Dogg!)
Dig this, uh

[Snoop Dogg]
I need a light, let me step up in this motherfucker 'til I get it right
(Get it right Dogg!)
I need a light, let me lean, make it bright, everything is dynamite
(True!)
Bust a bitch, trying to feel like a pimp would
It's Snoop D O Double G, I'm in ya neighborhood
I make it crack-a-lack, do it just like that
Take a sip of this, nigga have a puff of that
You had enough of that? Yeah, give it right back
Now lay ya head back and roll in the Cadillac
How we do what we do, what it is, where it's going down.. and the
Motherfuckers flip it
Rip it, get specific, and dip it and then they drip it
Cause you know we like to pop it 'cause you talking so different
Fix your Focus and ride, I want the bangers to bang
Or get hyphy with my niggas up north by the Bay
Trying to twist in my whip, I got the big body Benz
Cause I'm rolling with my nephew and we smoking again
"Turn your music down low, man yo' shit too loud!"
What the fuck you talking 'bout, I put my gun in yo' mouth nigga! (in yo' mouth!)

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
Niggas better get it right
Let me get a light, nigga let me get a light! (Get it right Dogg!)
Yeah, better get it right
Nigga let me get a light, homey let me get a light!

[Chorus: Damian Marley]
To get it tight they gotta get a light
Well, to get it tight they gotta get a light! (Get it right Dogg!)
To get it tight they gotta get a light
No, to get it tight they gotta get a light!

[Snoop Dogg]
Hip-Hop! I ball like a split end, I'm all like I been in
I'm trying to put my bid in
Rip ride and try to keep it all hid in
Slide to the left and let yo' G homey get in
Glocs of Velveeta, yep I'm off the meter
Ride by and see ya with my hands on a heater
Wanna be like the O but you act like a hoe
Gotta lot of Patron, with a shot of the malt
Wanna be's wanna beef like nine-ninety nine
You wanna battle me? You better learn how to rhyme
Boys stop tweaking 'fore I light up the place
What he say? Who you talking 'bout? I'm right in ya face
Aye! Aye! Baby girl you know we hit the coot a lot
Me and my nephews, yeah, we staying true to life
They get the party live, Dogg is the motivator
Rockin the block socket and knocking down the player haters
Yeah nigga, you better know, it's incredible, unforgettable
Yeah, I bet I'm slow and I bet I'm low
We at the L.A. zoo, I'm whylin out like an ambulance!

[BRidge]

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg (Damian Marley)]
Lemme get a light nigga! (Snoop Dogg and Jr. Gong)
Lemme get a light man! Real talk man,
It's yo' uncle, Snoop D O Double G, banging down yo' do' with my nephew Timbo! (Yeah!)
You know how we be! I, indo, oh wee, something brand new, y'know what I mean?
Get it right nigga! (*"Get it right Dogg!"*} Real spit cous'

[Chorus: x2]

[Snoop Dogg]
Beating down yo' do' for the '06
Coming back with some gorilla shit

Beating down yo' do' for the '06
Coming at you niggas with gorilla shit
Yeah nigga, some gorilla shit
Yo, see ya!
(Get it right Dogg!)
West, west y'all!

Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face

You don't like my music
You don't have to use it
Funkin' is a thing that all of us release
You don't have to get it
All you do is let it
Then you'll know exactly how to groove

You don't like my music
You don't have to use it
Funkin' is a thing that all of us release

You don't have to play it
You don't have to say it
You don't even have to try to sing it

Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face
Get the funk out ma face

You don't like my music
You don't have to use it
Funkin' is a thing that all of us release

You don't have to get it
All you do is let it
Then tell us our funk did you some good

[Snoop Dogg]
Doggy,
What you're gonna play now? loco, oh no
But whatsoever it is, it's gosta be funky

[Chorus]
(Funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky,)

Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Yeah,
Goes a little something like that, you understand me
SWV

Check this out
I get to it so flipping fast
I'm about to mash in the cash, moving so fast
I jump in the slow lane, low lane, no man
Snoopy and the double G's on the microphone and I'm about to blow man
I'm a take you from the top, right back down to the middle
Get you're kid a ?
'Cause yes indeed I'm a ?
Little game to y'all
Don't stall or crawl
This SWV came back with that boot, DOGGY DOG

[Chorus]

Way too major baby
We way to funky with this I mean it's way to major baby, it's goin' down
1997 - all dogs go to heaven
Can you dig it
I can dig it?
Check, uh
Feel this feel that, everybody wanna be felt
Listen to me 'cause I get ya hot until ya melt
Jump on the scene get ya funky and wet
'Cause I know ya wanna roll with this true vet (funky)
I'm a player and they sayer, player like me, ain't never been a faker
Yet I met a Laker
Life is like basketball
You just dribble and ya scriblin', writin' on the walls
I'm gettin' to it so quick and fast no need
For y'all to take your mind and your body off me
'Cause I'm about to get ya, spit ya, split ya, did ya, bite ya,
Na I don't bite, I bet ya know all richer
I get ya all in the mood
Yeah its on us
We can roll just like the greyhound bus
We can stop in yo town, go back downtown
Now recognize 'cause the game gonna be spinning around

[Chorus]

Funky funky
Ha ha
Summertime
Eastside, Westside Southside, Northside Yo side, My side

(Funky funky, we're getting funky, funky funky, we're getting funky)(repeat)

Just ride to this
Ya hear me, ride to this

(Funky, funky, we're getting funky, funky funky, we're getting funky)

Did ya hear me? ride to this
Did ya hear me? ride to this
Yeah, I said ride to this
Can you feel me
Gonna do a little somethin' like this
Never fall off never slip always catch your grip
No need for you to try to set trip, just sit back and dip
Roll with this player 'cause I'm goin' get ya funky
Won't be breaking down, we get the monkey
Yeah but you can make it jump up, thump up bump the beat
Lay back, relax listen to the D O double U in trouble, S double U V
Back with the player from the LBC

(Funky funky, we're getting funky, funky funky, we're getting funky)
Getting so funky
Real fun ya know
Sorta like this beat

(Funky funky, we're getting funky, funky funky, we're getting funky)

Who hooked this beat up?
Who hooked this beat up?
My folks at RCA
Kid and my homeboys catch ya, ya know
Can't forget about my homeboy Anne
Ha ha, yeah
Way to funky
Can you feel me
I can dig it catdaddy
Some of that music you can ride to, yeah
Some of that highway music yeah, ya understand what
I'm saying yeah, yeah catdaddy
SWV DPGC sideways to the next life
1997, all dogs to heaven

(Funky funky, we're getting funky, funky funky we're getting funky)

Whats crack-a-lackin baby girl?
You know I keep it ghetto fabulous everyday
Yep, in a real way, hey, hey, hey
Look now what would a girl like you do wit a G like me
You probably couldn't handle it
I'll pop a bottle and get a few candles lit
Now the scene is set as we sip on some moet

Rock yo Timbs
Sag yo Jeans
Ice yo Grill
Its bent fold  doors
Ain't no doubt, I'm down to roll

I (love it)
The way you talk to me (love it)
And your walk is neat (love it)
You know how I like it boy

Ghetto
So Ghetto
Thats how my baby rolls
Thats how we really know
Thats ghetto
So ghetto
Thats where my baby from
And thats how we gettin it done
So ghetto

Hit yo block
Check yo spot
If the block is hott
Lay up in the spot, baby
Roll yo dice
Get yo cash
I'ma down shawty
You ain't gotta ask

I (love it)
Cuz you keep it ghetto (Love it)
Let me be your lover (love it)
Baby all I want is that

Ghetto
So ghetto
Thats how my baby rolls
And thats how we really know
Thats ghetto
So ghetto
Thats where my baby from
And thats how we be gettin it done
So ghetto

Ghetto love and I shoot it like cupid
Snoopin wit Snoopy we can get a little stupid
Kelly, Kelly wont you tell me how you feelin now
You in the Phantom top dippin wit the criminal
Yea so G I be
Mysterious, n furious, n curiously
So serious, n hairously, luxuriously
Ghetto (ghetto)
Ghetto fabolous Snoop D-O-double G

I (love it)
Cuz you keep it ghetto (love it)
Let me be your lover (love it)
Baby all I want is that

Ghetto
So ghetto
Thats how my baby roll
And thats we really know
Thats ghetto
So ghetto
Thats where my baby from
And thats how be gettin it done
So ghetto

Heah hah hah!
I'm serious nigga one of why'all niggaz got this ass motherfuckin' up
Aiy baby, aiy baby, aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga

With so much drama in the l-be-see
It's kinda hard bein' Snoop D-o-double-g
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin' up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the g's (yeah)
And, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin' and the party's still jumpin'
Cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin' it on
And, they ain't leavin' til six in the mornin' (six in the mornin')
So what you want to do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

[Chorus:Repeat x2]
Rollin down the street, smokin' indo, sippin' on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin' to the d-o-g
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to mackin' to this bitch named sadie (sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these n-you-t's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
Beeeitch, I'm just

[Chorus]

Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass j, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin', I'm still poppin'
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be

[Chorus]

Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo, sippin' on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo, sippin' on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

[Chorus]
If I didn't have no dough would you love me,
If we didn't have a place to go would you still be
There or would you leave me alone when the chips are down
Or would you stay around, and lay down,
Oh girl,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,

[Nelly]
Oh yeah who that is standing there like that looking from the front
But I can see what's in the back, hips like oh,
Eyes like wow, pretty toes in the room and they be looking like wow

[Snoop]
I don't know nephew lets just do what we do, 
Lets just slide up on these hoes and put this pimping
In do, (agree) and then what we do (what we do) 
You take the one in the white I'll take the one in
The blue

[Chorus]

[Snoop]
Hey yo I don't know if you been told but you look like you should be gold, 
You're so preasus the
Way you shape up I'm just hear to help you 
Step you're game up you look like you might die for me
Hop in front of the bullet and die for me 
Cause when I fly you be fly and when I fly to other
Countries you going fly with me

[Chorus]

[Snoop]
Now as the night wines down and the weed gets down, 
Players till playing and I'm still on the floor, 
I groove to the beat until my feet get tired I just want to be you're desire, 
Eva caneva Best believer you're not a dime pice you're a diva 
Take it from me you can be the O.N.E if you roll
With me

[Nelly]
If looks were the case babygirl id be a federal the top perfect incredible 
The bottom As editble 
Uh I ain't telling you what I heard man 
I'm telling you what I know and I ain't telling 
Her what to say but where to go, 
But if she wants we can take trip down with the homie d-o double
G and if she wants we can form a lil down if its low key yes we would go down

[Chorus]

Clap your hands everybody,
Everybody claps your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and any double one
Lets bounce, I said clap your hand everybody, 
Everybody clap your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and any double one
Why bounce

Give it up, give it up nigga, you know what's happenin
Lil Goldie Loc'll keep the DoggHouse crackin, lackin
We usin dubs for the subs and 15's for the tweeters posted up by
The tray, like gangstas with the heaters
Gangbangin is my shit nigga
Is you still gon be my homie if I get a little bigger
Fuck a bitch, never switches my motto
And if you disagree with me watch out for my hollows
Booyaka, booyaka, that's the sound from a cannon
Ouick to leave a motherfucker dead right where you're standin
You wanna roll with the doggs, but you can't
You too busy ridin nuts fool, get out the paint

We came to give you what the fuck you want
(Give it to em dogg, do it to em dogg....)
We came to give you what the fuck you want
(Give it to em dogg, yeah, yeah, bang bang...)

5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, ya bound to get dirty
Ya herdy, was servin, birdies, for herby and scrappy
That nigga lyin dogg go on and slap him
That's probably how rumors get started
See niggas be yappin off at the mouth
And don't be havin their heart in
Suckers, that's probably why I stay in the hills
And let my pitbulls smash on niggas that feel
I owe em somethin, dogg, throw me somethin
Nigga throw me somethin, shit I'm doin badder than you
And I aint even fakin or frontin
So, quit the hatin 'fore I start dumpin
I jump in the 8 5 0 and smash on out
Meet me and Goldie Loc at the DoggHouse
Smoked out, Hennessy and plenty weed
Wit mo bitches, 4 bitches, some cole bitches, c'mon bitches

We cold vicious, known pimpin, with no simpin
Stone crippin, low clippin, 4's drippin
Wet from my set, check my rep I'm a vet
Ex-felon, never tellin represent it to death
Pack my flag, wear khakis with that extra sag
Mad dog in every last motherfucker I pass
Never ask would I mash with the tray on my neck
And my status been a classic I stay on the set
Let it rain, let it drip, turn the change to chips
Never nervous, stay in service from this gangsta shit
Cool time on the grind never mind the danger
Gun slanger, gangbanger, Long Beach mangler
Bringa of the noise like the Real McCoys
Niggas talk shit, walk quick or feel the toys
We in this business to win this whatever the cost
Goldie Loc, Snoop, and Tray Deee you're never to cross
Motherfuckers

We came to give you what the fuck you want
(Give it to em dogg, do it to em dogg....)
We came to give you what the fuck you want
(Give it to em dogg, yeah, yeah, bang bang...)

[Snoop]
Let you mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
New fools, you fools, these fools, all y'all
Talkin' bad about me, and my motherfuckin' dawg

He ain't trippin', I ain't trippin', but y'all niggaz still dissin'
To me, some of these suckers will never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'ma tip it on the Crip
And DoggHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin

Who the villain, you the villain? Nigga Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the see-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time flies by I see the game gettin mo' reala
As I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?

I always tend to come with it
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
I'm too young to retire, I'm havin' fun wit it
See when you learn what to do with it, I'll be done with it
Come with it

[Chorus]
Go... (just go away)... go a-way!
[S] Niggaz can't be trusted
[K] Just come back another day
[S] Niggaz be on bitch shit
[K] Just go far, a-way
[S] Niggaz get it twisted
Just go a-way...

[Snoop Dogg]
Now she said she don't like a G
Well listen here bitch, get the fuck from 'round me
You thought you was bout to get a drink on me?
I put hands on you bitch like Sugar Free

I always let a bitch know her boundaries
Same with a nigga, I treat him like a flea
You claim to be, you aim to be in my spot
Motherfucker - you will get popped 

Not, knowin who you fuckin' wit, niggaz be on bitch shit
Nigga we be fuckin quick, nigga we ain't talkin' shit
When the heat's (?), niggaz be on bitch shit
Tryin' to get somewhere, coverin' up they biscuit

And then he in the club, all up on my dilznick
But when I leave, you niggaz pullin' trick shit
But it's cool, cause niggaz gonna miss this
'Cause I'ma keep it all business, what is this?

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
I said let yo' mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
You fools, these fools, new fools, all y'all
Talkin' bad about me, and my motherfuckin dawg

He ain't trippin', I ain't trippin', but y'all niggaz still dissin'
Look here (?), some of these niggaz will never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'm a tip it on the Crip
And DogHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin'

Who the villain, you the villain? Nigga Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the see-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time fly I see the game gettin mo' reala
As I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?

I always tend to come widdit
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
Too young to retire, I'm havin fun wit it
When you learn what to do with it I'll be done with it
Come with it

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah I'm bout to go far away
So far you might not see me
My nigga Meech on the beat

We takin over this motherfucker, ha ha!
And they thought we fell off
Fell all up in your motherfuckin ass
Be-ii-ee-ii-itch!

KoKane - aww that's funky right there
Puttin it back on the map
Uhh, let me hear some dawg
Ahhh, as we take your mind
To a dimension you never thought existed

[Chorus]

Go get that dough
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
My bitch won't go
She get the money
My bitch won't go
She get that money
She get that money
My bitch won't go
She get that money
Twenty, fifties, hundreds!

I ain't got no type, you know what I like
She independent, girl I'm independent
And you know I'm winnin'
Go get that dough, stay stuntin'
She keep a look as her own, she spray something
And when we go to the mall I don't pay nothing
She spending cash
I like the new one on me, she like, but I'm nothing
I'm smoking naughty weed, she like now what you puffin'
And if it's bout money, she loving that discussion
Go get that dough, my girl gettin' money
Is your girl gettin' money?

Go get that dough
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
My bitch won't go
She get the money
My bitch won't go
She get that money
She get that money
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
Twenty, fifties, hundreds!

Ew, we're really busted and disgusted
Boss bitch gettin' money like it's nothing
Red bottoms to service, and she knows shoes
And we go to the same jeweller to get the jewels
Five k for a hand bag, turn her up
Boss bitch you deserve that, shown off
I put her up on gang, she ain't worry bout you
Bank account on swoll, she ain't heard about you
I don't want a relationship, keep getting money
What's gonna make me lay them off, ?

Go get that dough
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
My bitch won't go
She get the money
My bitch won't go
She get that money
She get that money
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
Twenty, fifties, hundreds!

Go get it, 'cause I need it
And I got to have it
And I need a fow wow on an average
Beast, my bitch is a savage
Carrots and cabbage, lettuce, silly rabbit
Fast lane with the cash game
First name dollar and bill is my last name
Get my groove on, powder blue alligator shoes on
Cruise on choose on, not knowing the chief
Showing the p, keep going, you going to be
Owning a jeep, a little more than some dollar
Alakazam scram!

Go get that dough
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
My bitch won't go
My bitch won't go
She get the money
My bitch won't go
She get that money
She get that money
My bitch won't go
Go get that dough
Twenty, fifties, hundreds!

Cash out, Snoop Dogg
Break bread or fake dead
Yeah!

As we go on (We go on)
Like we do (Like we do)
When it's hot outside (Hot outside)
I wanna just chill with you (Chill with you)
What you need? (What you need?)
Put ya mind at ease (Mind at ease)
Here's a little sun shinin', a drink and a summer breeze
Oh! Do-do-do, do-do-do
Let's smoke and ride
Baby, if you feel the same, let me know
(If you feel the same, then let me know)
I wanna rock ya, girl (Oh!)
Yes I do!
What you got to lose?

You done made it to see a whole 'nother summer and it feel good
Stop, now, top down through the neighborhood
Let the wind blow, open up the window
That girl is poison like Bell Biv Devoe
We have a barbeque to do at four
Swimming pool party in the back on the low
BYOB, and the plates of food will be laid out for free
Little kids get down, I'll have a bus pull up with Tommy The Clown
Now do The Jerk, get crunk, go to work
And do that dance that'll make your whole damn body hurt
Playing mama dear, calm and clear
This that time of the year
For everybody to be boisterous
Rock with Snoop Dogg and rejoice to this

As we go on (We go on)
Like we do (Like we do)
When it's hot outside (Hot outside)
I wanna just chill with you (Chill with you)
What you need? (What you need?)
Put ya mind at ease (Mind at ease)
Here's a little sun shinin', drink and a summer breeze
Oh! Do-do-do, do-do-do
Let's smoke and ride
Baby, if you feel the same, let me know
(If you feel the same, then let me know)
I wanna rock ya, girl (Oh!)
Yes I do!
What you got to lose?

Shined up my white walls, night falls
I'm feeling hella good
I'm doin' thangs that you never would
Like surfin' with the sharks, or shootin' in the dark
Riding on a bike with my grandson at the park
Evolve while I elevate, take flight, levitate
Breakfast for dinner, I'm cold as a mother, but the summer ain't the winter
Finna, bend a, corner, on a three wheel motion
I'm heading to the ocean, caravan full of cars
Neighborhood stars, up and down the boulevard
We go, till we can't go no more
It's me and mines, it's summertime
You go off and we go on

As we go on (We go on)
Like we do (Like we do)
When it's hot outside (Hot outside)
I wanna just chill with you (Chill with you)
What you need? (What you need?)
Put ya mind at ease (Mind at ease)
Here's a little sun shinin', drink and a summer breeze
Oh! Do-do-do, do-do-do
Let's smoke and ride
Baby, if you feel the same, let me know
(If you feel the same, then let me know)
I wanna rock ya, girl (Oh!)
Yes I do!
What you got to lose?

[Snoop Dogg] 
Nigga you need to stop snitchin! 
All that yip-yappin and jaw-jackin 
Nigga if you scared, go to church 
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it 

Whattup it's the big boss Dogg 
Snoop D-O-double-G, Eastside L.B.C. 
And I'm bobbin to the beat of my O.G. homeboy Ice Cube 
And I'm C-walkin on the motherfuckin concrete 

[Intro: Ice Cube] 
Yo if you're fucked up, put your cups up 
Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga what's up 
See he's a gangster, I'm a hustler 
Yo it's either thank ya, or it's fuck ya 

[Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)] 
I'm down with Lil Jon ain't got to pretend (YEAH!) 
"Crunk Juice" nigga run the club that you in (HEY!) 
You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (NAH!) 
You just spend all your time in the club tryin to duck us (WHAT?) 
And if you walk by nigga, I'ma knock fire nigga 
from yo' ass, you can come try nigga (HEY!) 
In the hood, all the way down South (YEAH!) 
I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth bitch (Mike Jones) 
We can get it crackin if it get to clickin clackin 
Look at Mr. Jackson, nigga with no reaction 
If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts 
That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt 
Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lot of noise (hey) 
Lyrics full of steroids, niggaz paranoid (hey) 
And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up 
When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts 

[Chorus 2X: Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)] 
If you a scared motherfucker go to church (GO TO CHURCH) 
If you a gutter motherfucker do your dirt (A DO YOUR DIRT) 
If you a down motherfucker put in work (A PUT IN WORK) 
IF you a crazy motherfucker go berzerk (A GO BERZERK!) 

[Snoop Dogg] 
Click clackin, pistol-packin, Crip raggin folio 
Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio 
You ain't know? Yeah you did; there it was, there it is 
"Is that Coolio?" Naw bitch, let me in 
Jibba-jabba snatcher get at ya, spit at actors & rappers 
Hang out with kidnappers and jackers 
Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin? 
It's the big boss Dogg I'm back in action and smashin 
I flash with the bling I sur-pass the supreme 
You don't really wanna have a clash with my team 
I mix hash with the green I'm the, last of the kings 
If I got a bitch with me she got ass in them jeans 
Rollin through yo' neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean 
Servin all you suckers cause you all dopefiends 
Just like that dopeman, nigga what's up? 
You run up with that bullshit I'll fuck yo' ass up 

[Chorus] 

[Lil Jon: repeat 2X] 
You scared, you scared 
You scared motherfucker you scared 
You scared (you scared) you scared (you scared) 
You scared motherfucker you scared (you scared) 

[Chorus] 

[Ice Cube + (Lil Jon)] 
It goes one for the money (HEY) two for the show (YEAH) 
Three for the pussy, fo' for the glow (HEY) 
Five for the rookies, six for the pros (NAH) 
Seven for the numbers of them fuckin zeroes (WHAT?) 
Eight for haters, nine for the cause 
Ten for my niggaz, behind big bars (HEY) 
Fuck these devils, and they laws (YEAH!) 
Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls

Soon I will be done
With the trouble of the world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be done
With the trouble of this world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be done
With all this sickness and pain
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be able
To see my Jesus face
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

I'm going home (Going home to Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)
I don't know about you (Going home to Jesus)
Yeah, I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)
I'm going home (I'm going home to Jesus)
One of these ol' days (I'm going home with Jesus)
Won't have to cry no more (I'm going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (I'm going home to Jesus)
(Yeah) Going home, (Going home), Going home
This world (I'm going home)
Is not my home (I'm going home)
One of these days (I'm going home)
The doctor will (I'm going home)
Clean my tongue (I'm going home)
To the roof of my mouth (I'm going home)
Tape my eyes (I'm going home)
My eyelids, yeah (I'm going home)
That's when (I'm going home)
I make my transition (I'm going home)
Going home (I'm going home)
To see Jesus (I'm going home)
I'm going home (I'm going home)
To see Jesus (I'm going home)
Oh, I'm going (I'm going home with Jesus)
Will you beat me (I'm going home with Jesus)
Will you meet me there (I'm going home with Jesus)
I'm living on edge (I'm going home with Jesus)

Soon I will be done
With the troubles of the world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home)
With the Lord (With the Lord)
Good evening, good evening

[Snoop Dogg]
Josey Wales was known for robbing trains and things
Laying everybody down for diamond rings and chains
It remains the same in the year you live in, see
Cause if I pull out some heat, nigga, you'll go kick in
And that's just the rules set by the fool from the ol' school
When it's time to duel, you get two men
Two heaters, one street, one clock
And when it strike twelve one of y'all gon' drop
If you're quick on the draw you're gon' see the morgue
But if you're too slow
I catch you on the downlow (Oh no)
Oh no, you mean The Kid, shit's real
I ain't no John Wayne, these niggas gang-bang
The Four Horsemen, that's the click I'm wit
You mean the little bitty niggas with the itchy trigger fingers
Yeah, we're on a mission ta Kansas, slipping through Texas
We stopped at Bonanza to get us some hot cakes
Bacon and eggs, and then we slip in the whorehouse to get us some leg
Hop back on the horses, enforcers of courses
The niggas in black, the fearless Four Horsemen
Searching for this location on the map
The gold rush, baby, got ta have it (I gots ta have it)
It feels just like it's 18


And a trigger look-a-day is how I ride

[Kurupt]
On and on and on it's more strange
Time to heat, shooting range
Quick with the heat on their hip
Young Jesse James come to test your aim
I seen you at the Wild Horny Corral
I heard of ya name
Tha forcify, nigga you ain't never lie
Besides I'm in the mood so at high noon we ride
From coast to coast, niggas mash on every stage coach
My disciples with rifles lethal in whole posts
The off-the-rocker roller coaster
On a six-shooter holster
With DPG on every Wanted poster
Let me think about which bank to gank
Which fellow ta shoot and which teller to shank
I want all the shit you got in stacks
Attached to this skirt in the corner
So I snatched the bitch in the back
The Dogg in me feels for the lust
But the hogg in me makes me want to bust
Back to the drawing down board
Nowadays we drawn down more
To survive through all the round wards
Battle up or saddle up and shake the scene
Or get'cha pockets shaken, clean the slugs in ya spleen
I can't help it, I'm heartless, ya can't hack it
With my six-shooters on my hips and dusty jacket
Like that cock back
Quick to pull my strap
Just to put the Horsemen on the map
(The gold rush)

[LBC Crew]
Born is Doggystyle, individual, James got the hots
I got the six shots for all the plans and plots
I got's lots o' cash stashed in money bags
Worthy workers for all the Russian blabbermouths and gags
I got stacks so my stacks excel
Hop in the coach wit my twelve Clydesdales and bells
I'm on the move, smooth, to my decoy horse
A 30-30 on my side to shoot a nigga o' course
It ain't no stopping young Josey
Box all the nosey
Headed to the saloon with my platoon where all the hos be
Left a dusty trail, bailed in swell
Gold spurs on the Gators, set back the clientele
Oh well, for the recop I drop my bet
Divide between my homies and ride the sunset

[Bad Azz]
Two sacks o' money from the train heist
They ain't even counted it up
Just mounted it up
Rode west toward the coaster, six-shooters in the holster
Pass through a run-down town whose walls hold my poster
Closer I get ta death which is every second makes me sweat
So I gotta have what I can get
Heard word about the gold rush and headed West
On my white horsey with three straps in my knapsack
Giddy up, the next town I rode through
I had to threaten to blow their city up
Undebts with Chief Black, caught five miles west
Sell us some beads and hail us some weed
He offered me a toke
He didn't have a 20 he had they beads-pipe smoke
I almost choked
Break him for the get, right, I'm off into the sunset
Trying ta reach my destiny fast
It's these two bags o' cash
44's cocked I ain't making no mo' stops
Till I hit the spot, I made it twelve on the dot
I slid off my boots, counted my loot
Five minutes after the strike of midnight
I counted 200 Gs, I cocked my strap and slept tight
(At the gold rush, at the gold rush
At the gold rush, at the gold rush
At the, at the, at the)

[Chorus: x 2]
When a good good girl's gone bad
When a good good girl's gone bad she gone forever, gone forever 

You should be there girl
When I was in love, with you
Listen girl, I said
If I'm not here for love
What am I here for
Tell me baby, got me going crazy yeah, I'm like

Ooh, what am I supposed to do, when my heart is soul is still into you
Ooh, what am I supposed to do, when the girl that I once knew started changing

[Chorus: x 2]]

Ooh, if I'm not here for love
What am I here for, you, oh baby, I said
If you didn't think it was love
What did you think it was
Tell me baby, got me going crazy, I'm like

Ooh, what am I supposed to do, when I've giving all my loving to you
Ooh, what am I supposed to do, when the girl that I once knew starts changing

[Chorus: x 2]

Mommy nah, not at all
Pappies never forgiven you
I can only honestly say
I'm getting rid of you

I pity you 
You did it only to yourself
So when you cry
Understand that you neuced yourself

When a girl's gone bad
She's gone forever
Better said by J
I'm understanding that (unknown)

So all the Prada I bought
You can keep that
When I get to the pad
Have your shit out the door

[Chorus: Repeat until fade]

Yeah, yeah,
It's another one of those,
Snoop D-O-Double G, L.T. Hutton thangs
Yeah, we all off up in the hills right about now
It's about two in the morning!
I got big C-Style on the grill
Eastside! Keepin' it way real
Dogg Dogg, LBC

If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G
If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G
If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G
If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G

Any problems any problems you can holla at my dog
Holla, holla
Holla at my dogg, you could holla at my dogg, oh
Any problems any problems you could holla at my dog,
Holla at my dogg, holla at my dog, hey hey

[Chorus]
If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G
If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G

The life I lead
The average nigga would have broke down a long time ago
Try to bang in a show and get slumped like The Crow
Anyday now, we gonna run at my nigga them killers is Nathal
We see it all like night owls and we stay on the prowl
They don't wanna see me shine again
They fucking with my mind again
But as soon as I finish this Heineken
I gotta go get my nine again
(It got a body on it from a party don't it?)
Yeah I been tryin' to slang it, but don't nobody want it
They can't help you with band-aids, we comin' with grenades,
You ain't seen this many niggas in your life with diamonds and braids
I'm from the home where they get sprayed and gang related raids
Fuck y'all, that start bangin' after "Colors" was made
Let's C-walk to that, and never give me no hassle
cause I come from one of the worst cottage in Paso

[Chorus: x2]

It ain't no mystery you dissin' me you dissin' my clique
And ain't no question we come steppin' straight to get in your shit
So why you actin' like a bitch?  Puttin' your business on wax
When we could scrap or slap a clip, if you wanted to crack
See in the pen we got a name for niggas runnin' they yap
Sale soldiers, roll 'em up with somethin' up in they back
Handles ours, battle scars, Shackles, guards and all
And we the last niggas standin' once they start to fall
Make the call, or fuck it, just kick off the brawl
Cuz I'm ridin' with my doggs, win, lose, or draw
Dogg pound insane, neighborhood twenty gangin' it
And every gangsta that I hang with down to bang
Full time pull mines and I gots to bust
Fuck a pass, when I mash, anybody get touched
So make my name taste just like a dick in your mouth
And watch the way you on my nuts when you spittin' it out
Dogghouse

Any problems any problems you can holla at my dog
Holla, holla
Holla at my dogg, you could holla at my dogg, oh
Any problems any problems you could holla at my dog,
Holla at my dogg, holla at my dog, hey hey

If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G

You got a muthafuckin' problem with my niggas then you got one with me
It's the S to the Y, the L, just drop three keys
As I flee, to the homie L.T.'s, to make the magic
It's those that talk, and those that make shit happen
So what'cha say?  You wanna spit? You got beef?
D.P serve the heat, straight to the street
Honey west, I make the mission complete
Therefore them bitches who talk that shit
Be them bitches that's gettin' they ass beat

Now don't come round here fuckin' with us
Cause on the real homeboy, we'll be fuckin' you up
And to you bitches who be thinking y'all could slide by
With that punk shit, bitch, biddity bye bye
I fuck a bitch up faster than I do a nigga
See to me, most bitches is women but bitch you'se a nigga
We got rules and codes, G's and hoes
Friends and foes, ride or get rode on

If you got beef, with DPG,
Then holla at me, the D-O-G

Nigga, nigga, bitch

Timati, Big Snoop Dogg. Oooweeh
I want everybody to report to the dancefloor
It's time, to get your groove on
Yowhooow

Yo, it's my body I could do
Whatever I wanna do, you
Know I get money and I gets honeys pick 'em up 
And I take 'em back home!
Shit is real easy, I'm known
In each and every city I roll
From Moscow to Cali see, 
My name carry heavy weight, get ready, let's go
I'mma get your ass on the floor
Girl you be shaking like a pro
In case you didn't know, keep the clubs so gone with my mean lil' flo'

You gon' do what I say, party your life away
Come on and groove with me, ah huh, okay

You gon' do what I say, party your life away
Come on and groove with me, ah huh, okay

Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Put your hands up high and
Move your body, get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
See that's all we gon' do is
Move it, groove, so get your groove on

You got what I want, gimme some more, get on the floor
And baby just

Stop, take a minute look at my watch
Look at these diamonds I got
Some are little blue some are red, some are white
From a far you would think I was a cop
As soon as I step in to the club
Everybody showing me love
Bartender drinks on us
Me, Timati, Snoop 

You gon' do what I say, party your life away
Come on and groove with me, ah huh, okay

You gon' do what I say, party your life away
Come on and groove with me, ah huh, okay

Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Put your hands up high and
Move your body, get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
See that's all we gon' do is
Move it, groove, so get your groove on

I want everybody on the dance floor right now
It's your boy big Snoop D-O-Double G
Coming at you worldwide
Making money, having a good time
That's all we doin' to gettin' our groove on
So I want you to get your groove on right now
Yeah, c'mon, yeah, c'mon

Pour a little more in my cup
Before I go and tell the DJ turn this up
In the club half drunk not giving a fuck
Standin' up on the furniture living it up
You know me so fresh and clean
New kicks, new chicks when I step on the scene
New whips so sick, came from overseas
But so did me

Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Put your hands up high and
Move your body, get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
See that's all we gon' do is
Move it, groove, so get your groove on

Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Put your hands up high and
Move your body, get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
Come on and get your groove on
See that's all we gon' do is
Move it, groove, so get your groove on

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Nate Dogg]
She was just a groupie (She just a groupie)
She was just a groupie
She was just a groupie (All she wanted was Snoopy)
She was just a groupie (Just a groupie)
She was just a groupie
She was just a groupie (All she wanted just was Snoopy)
She was just a groupie (Yeah just a groupie)
She was just a groupie

[Daz & Kurupt]
Bitch! (Bitch!)
I come through with the humps, I thump tha shit out'cha block
I'm on alert for the cops, be on alert for the cop
Spot us some hos, tooted my horn at the bitch
The riviera ever skaty, my team ya's the shit
Fifteen's humping, dropped the top, she moaned
counting my dough, purchased a 50 of some bomb indo floss
In South Central I'm on my way to the East Side
We high, blazing like crazy, we don't know why
feeling good as fuck on a hot ass day
and it's a pujam right around the way
Niggas got hos but ladies in the world
they want to play wit their minds like little girls
I twirled my fingers in the air
rubbed my fingers through my hair
Red bones to black bones
dark bows to red bows
Skinny girls come a dime-a-dozen
but I play hos like plenty-leany cause I get greedy
It's all about game 'cause when the game
is hard to maintain for so long, man
From Long Beach, California, from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Tonight "warning the award is" from Mississippi, I know ya
hold the key to unlock the door
From long clothes she rolls with gold things we riding for sure
So tell me how much money can one player make? (make)
and how much o' ya ass can one nigga break?
You're just a gigolo (you know)
To the heart you're just gigolo (you know)

I was off in Vallejo
pulling hos like Idaho potatoes
What am I to do when life as a G
being from where I be, DPG
It's manifico
ran into this pretty ass skirt, Mexican-Puerto Rico
mixed with a sprinkle of black
So I'ma approach her like that
and let her know where I ride and reside at
My zone the place that I call home
is the Wall from Philadelphia, the room
Picture me ay
entrepreneur with my nigga D-A
Rockin tours and we still young boys
They got bitches, they got some bomb ass niggas
She used ta put em on his bomb ass dick
She always talked some bomb ass shit
She used to blow some bomb ass dick

[Chorus]

[Nate Dogg]
That's right
Someone's at my door, baby who could it be?
Someone wants to score and get laid by the D-O-double G
Hey girl, what's your name? Ya want to go a couple rounds with me
I told her Nate Dogg is just the same but she kept screamin out Snoopy

[Warren G & Snoop Dogg]
What's up baby, my name is Warren
I'm down with the Pound
'cause I get around
So let me scoop you, swoop you and take you
Gimme a chance and I'ma break you
down to the very last compound
with my homies from Tha Dogg Pound
Now you know and I know
Rule number one, you can't trust no ho
Now you can get caught up in the mix real fast
The ho gon' slip away and get away with all your cash
You got to stay upon your toes when it come to hos
I bust a brand new ho in every video
That's on the Pound and the Row when the wind blow
I pass a ho to my kinfolk
and then smoke
She say she was no groupie, coochie lookin juicy
She say she never ate a dick before but she gon' do me
Right before she do me, I blaze up a lupi
then turn on some Snoopy and, heat up jacuzzi
and later on I might just turn on a movie
so you can re-groupie and redo me just for Snoopy

[Chorus]

[Warren G]
There's roaches and shit in this motherfucker in here
I forgot about this

[Chorus]
And I just had to call ya
I know somethin' there for you and me
Open up the door and you will see
I just had to call ya
If it's cool, girl I'm comin' through
I got a couple things that we can do
I just had to call ya

Big T and I'm from Chicago
You know I gotta represent the city doe
A nigga fin' to shoot a new video
So I'm fin' to take a trip out to Cali yo
Took a flight, ten of us in a group
Hit the West coast, now I'm fuckin' with Snoop
Told a few hoes to come up to the shoot
And she was lookin' so cold pullin' up in the Coupe
Pretty skin tone, a nigga got y'all
Soon as I took a look at them big brown eyes
Fat ass, my dick got hard
Soon as I took a look at the big brown thighs
Too sassy, bet you doin' nasty
And I can tell it when I'm lookin' at the way you walk
Thick lips, ready for suckin'
And a nigga wanna fuck you when I listen to the way you talk
I'm a do it like this when I drop at you
Let you know that I'm the Twist' when I pop at you
Comin' at you in the Mission Impossible
Let's go to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles
Then as soon as we leave we gon' have to go and get naughty
Then when I come back (chirrp) (hello?) Whassup shawty?

[Chorus]

Had to call you, comin' through,
Me and you, I had to holla,
I'm 'bout to shoot through there right now, dig

Girl hook up the phone, pick it up quick
It's Snoop Dogg, you know you gotta get wit
the game that I spit, the way that I rip
Let's, go and do, this
Ride, ride, slip and slide
I'm comin' by, let a nigga inside
What we gon' do, it's all upon you
What I say, what it do?
Do, no not you, you know I got to
And if you got me, then I got you
I'm a player, youse a player
We some players, so we should play a
game, do yo' thang
Ain't it man, turn the lights off
Hit the right spot (oh)
Make me feel how I wanna feel
But it can't happen if you ain't real
Don't, you, play with me
Come and spend, the day with me
Everything is everything
Mirror mirror on the wall
Who's the dopest of 'em all
Gots to be Big Snoop Dogg
So pick up the phone and answer my call

[Chorus: x2]

How, long, has it been
Since you had that thang up in
They say Dogg you walk it too much
And you may think I'm talkin' too much
But then again I reminisce
I miss that hug, I miss that kiss
I miss that love
Really cause, I miss that bitch

And I love it when you hit that switch
Shorty tell me how you get that thick
Where the fuck did you get that fit
Come and fire the 'dro up let me hit that shit
That's right, had a nigga feelin' so good
That when I had went home
I was thinkin' 'bout you so hard
that I couldn't help but to pick up the phone

And I just had to call ya
I'm lovin' how you look and how you smell
And you got a ass fat as hell
I just had to call ya
Girl I'm lovin' what you do to me
You break me off and then put me to sleep
I just had to call ya
I got a couple things that we can do
Just let me know if I can come through
I just had to call ya
Cause you got a bomb on the 'dro
And you got some good ?

Happy summertime niggas 
Ahh yeah
Uh uh uh, uh huh
We rolling, we rolling
We rolling, we rolling

Drop top in the summertime
And I'm rolling through the block with the sun shining and I
Just wanna ride, I just wanna ride
Go to the mall and I hit the gym
Have a pool party, take some chicks for a swim
I just wanna ride, I just wanna ride

Sun shining like California
Come here girl let me push up on ya
Can we do how we do in the shower on a hot day
Pull up the club 'cause it's Friday
Let's drink and hit the dance floor
DJ put the summer jam on
Big chips at the bar spending
GT with the wheels spinning
Let's get somewhere and get high
For the rest of the night
Sex and then go get a bite
Oh take with a thug baby and if you want it (if you want it)
You can get it pumping

Catch me rolling on the block 
With on the block with the beat making it hot for you
How we do
And if you're girls looking at me I might have to snatch her up
When your head turns
This is how we do, summertime

Drop top in the summertime
And I'm rolling through the block with the sun shining and I
Just wanna ride, I just wanna ride
Go to the mall and I hit the gym
Have a pool party, take some chicks for a swim
I just wanna ride, I just wanna ride

Slip, dip, trip, we flip to new hit
Got's to do with with Mr. Cool Whip
Cuz, I'm better than the rest of them
I'm two stepping on Lake Michigan
Oh my God my nephew done did it again
Pool full of woman and mo' trying to get in
Well, c'mon, it's all cool
Ain't no rules, it's the summertime 
So we gon' act a fool
Whatchu wanna do
No, whatchu oughta do
Is rush me a plate of that barbecue
With a quickness move fast
Better yet move quicker
Then get my a 40 ounce from Kenwood liquor 
Slide by Millennium park
One more spot to hit before it gets dark
Lakeshore Drive
Slip 'til we slide
Summertime on the westside, westside, westside

Oh so long
We be rolling on most 24s
Coming down your strip, everything is fine
312 and 213 area codes
So now girls don't trip
'Cause it's summertime

Drop top in the summertime
And I'm rolling through the block with the sun shining and I
Just wanna ride, I just wanna ride
Go to the mall and I hit the gym
Have a pool party, take some chicks for a swim
I just wanna ride, I just wanna ride

Drop top in the summertime
And I'm rolling through the block with the sun shining and I
Just wanna ride, I just wanna ride
Go to the mall and I hit the gym
Have a pool party, take some chicks for a swim
I just wanna ride, I just wanna ride

Drop top in the summertime
And I'm rolling through the block with the sun shining and I
Just wanna ride, I just wanna ride
Go to the mall and I hit the gym
Have a pool party, take some chicks for a swim
I just wanna ride, I just wanna ride

F/ Swoop G You remind me of somebody Chorus: I used to know, I used to know Snoop ***talkin w/ chorus*** Ya'll ain't even gonna believe this shit man Remember that bitch I had That little light skined bitch Yea this bitch was a trip You know how she loved to sucked a niggas dick Every once in a while this bitch got to the point to Where she thought she was gonna be getting Some here and there I told her I wasn't tryin to have that and the bitch wipped out So check this out Verse One: Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at home, layin low Everything is everything watin on my hoe I know its hard to imagne yet a nigga on my status Had a night like tonight look here I'm glad Came to an end My girlfriend slid into the bedroom with a women Come in, is what she said closed the door and jumped in the bed Baby would of gave a nigga head insted of flippin and trippin I run along with the PG, hm and that's on DP I mean what could I say, what could I do Anything I say and do is a catch 22 and I knew I had a clue I wasn't really trippin Of some type of suspion Tuesday night when I see you up a peanuts fishin' At first I wasn't gonna go dippin Then I said dame look at all these bitches Snatch up four fly bitches, time to ride I went inside couldnt believe my eyes Ridin at the highway, thangs going my way Tell by the earl pull the Bently in front Hit me with a G thang, fuck a blunt Tell the bitches that be goin to my place Fellin like Teddy Pendagrass on the freeway Get my dicked knocked off, in a G way Yea they know the program its a set and lovin each other and lovin my dick It's a trip but I don't see nothin wrong with it So you could work your thang would you Snoop and I'm sip this drank, thank and recoop 'cause when you close the bar down you know what {you know what} Baby you a star know Hook 2X: Snoop w/ chorus I can't fuck no head doctor I don't give a fuck even if the bitch is proper She might be cute, she might be thick but she will get G'd if she don't suck dick Verse Two: Swoop G Man I wanted the fly When it come to what these women say You know I'm the coldest 'cause I spit that shit you niggas thank Like proper, pimpin', prevence for preformances I have the baddest bitch go get my grip You know the time, 'cause when it's time to make the payment of mine Go walk the strips, her ten toes touch the payment for mine My bitch grind, make that G's stack come back and gimme that All of that proper amount yea, my full count and know she wants to have sex with me and I'm put you in position for victory I told her please sell my piece make my portion a fee As long as you follow directions carefully So I flossed her a month, nephew you know what's up I keep a bad broad servin that raw and uncut So I send her up in peanuts for the trickin She ran in this nigga and some bitches Who talkin bout he gone pay in a real way No more be said, break off the big heads and you can get that, hit that, and spit that Boss up muthafucka and you can pimp that Hook: Swoop G w/ chorus I can't fuck no head doctor I don't give a fuck even if the bitch is proper but she fuck with Swoop She might look cute, she might be thick The bitch gon get pimped I can't fuck no head doctor I don't give a fuck even if the bitch is proper She mignt look cute, she might be thick but she fuck with Swoop So you know she gettin' pimped **Snoop & {Swoop} talkin** Hook 2X: Snoop w/ chorus I can't fuck no head doctor I don't give a fuck even if the bitch is proper but she will get G'd if she don't suck dick She might be cute, she might be thick

Yeah, ha ha, Snoop Dogg
Dub C. Heh, yeah
All up in here, bay-bay.. Yeah
Uh-huh
Straight G thang, yeah

Code of the night is droppin these thangs on your dome
Hittin up my enemies, mad doggin em with a heart full of stone
Blam blam! Kickin yo' door down, throw down, dirty and low down
It's bout to go down, who ready for the showdown?
Which one of y'all wanna be the first to get tossed in the tussle
Buckle, choked up by these muscles and, taste these knuckles
Lost I'm runnin em all, haters I'm gunnin em all
Tricks I done done em all then I ain't go no love for none of y'all
I'm comin through like a Brougham, givin it up with both hands
Slaughterin your whole fam, rippin up the program
Total chaos, deadly as snake eyes, so cain't
None of you bustaz hurt me, fool I'm a G with no mercy

When I say, "Hell", you say, "Yeah"
(C'mon) Hell, yeah (c'mon) hell - YEAH
(C'mon) Hell, yeah! (Everybody c'mon) hell - YEAH!
(Everybody-body) Hell, yeah!
(C'mon, c'mon) Hell - yeah (ha ha)

If you down with these hits say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you down with me, say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you down with 'Stone Cold' say "Hell yeah"
Party people in the house say "Hell yeah"

Gettin my bail on, swell on, far from a rookie
I SPIT in your face and look at ya dare ya to say somethin to me
Temper tantrum, smash random, quick to put you in a casket
The fool that run up is that fool to get his ass kicked
? You the ones, it's an open invitation
These ass-kickins I'm dishin they got no discrimination
Patience, long gone, I'ma, chalkin em off
Walkin up bombin on sight cause I'm through talkin to y'all
Hands up loc I'm lit up, fed up, ready to bust, shakin em up
Wettin em up, slangin these knuckles cameras I'm gettin em up
Raised on the turf where we, slay for the turf
And I'm the realest rider to walk the, face of this Earth
Strapped you best to be, ain't no standin next to me
Checkin me, thought I warned you cowards about testin me
Pressin me, see the game of pain, yo I'mma plug it
I'm so rugged, shh, I'm cold blooded

If you down with these hits say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you down with me, say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you down with 'Stone Cold' say "Hell yeah"
Party people in the house say "Hell yeah"

Yeah, y'all know what time it is
Y'all know how it's goin down
No surrender no retreat no takedown
Beanie Mac cookin up the track
That's right, Snoop Dogg and Dub-C ridin in the back
Make sure y'all know what time it is
Huh huh, yeah, we gon' make this happen
For everybody out there, the heat bangers, and headbangers
Check this out - what's crackin homey?

If you down with these hits say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you down with me, say "Hell yeah"
If you like what you see say "Hell yeah"
If you came to get busy say "Hell yeah"
If you down with 'Stone Cold' say "Hell yeah"
Party people in the house say "Hell yeah"

All up in this be-i-itch!

Dpg is down with us
X to the z is down with us
D are e is down with us
My nigga kokane is down with us
Eastside gang is down with us
Niggas talking shit I'm getting ready to bust
I'm number one one one one
With a bullet motherfuckers

I got this henn in my cup
And this Buddha got me stuck
I'm just trying to compose myself compose myself
I don't know why I act this way
I just want to be left alone
I'm just trying to enjoy myself enjoy myself

Aw no who is it
It's motherfucking snoop dogg
I live the fast life where ya keep ya cash tight
In broad daylight walkin' wit ya flashlight
Adding up what ya brought in from last night
She mad tight with mad bite is that right
Bad lil bitches on my tizeam tizeam
Nigga that's the american drizeam wha wha wha what
Pussy broke the president yeah it did
And pussy made a pimp rich yeah it did
I live like 'em both as I smoke on my dope
On my boat thumbin' through see notes
Now here's a toast to the coast
Cause we doin' it the most we doin' it the most
Player player high costs
Uno dos I'm bout to get ghost
Stacking what ya macking d o double g
The shit ya doin' is so lovely
The haters hate 'cause they will never be
There ain't no limit to this melody melody
You niggas sipping on that jealousy jealousy
I pour a tall glass of hennesey want some
Do you want to have a sip with me
Or would you rather try and trip with me trip with me
Put ya cups on the table and your hands in the air
And touch your brim to the side that's only if you a player
And all the ladies in this motherfucker acting up
Don't hurt nobody when you back it up
'cause we came here to have a good time
Me and my niggas in the sunshine sunshine
On 3 wheels with one 9 ya know
It's time to shine the world is mine the world is mine
I never ever dropped a dime shit
Nigga might cop a dime
Never hesitate to pop a 9 bah
And always come up with the proper line
Stick to the script bitch I'm hurting shit hurting shit
Let me show you motherfuckers what I'm working with
What you working with
Don't need no water to go with your order
And you ain't got to smuggle the shit up over the border
Affordable sportable unbelievable feasible and reasonable
We leavin' 'em low
Cause me and my loc keep big leaves of smoke
Gallons of hennesey and 16 liters of coke
He done drank and she done smoked
The meters are broke we put the v to the note
I brought the weed to smoke
And Dr. Dre he hooked the beat up indeed it was dope
Stacking what ya macking d o double g
The shit ya doin' is so lovely
The haters hate 'cause they can never be
There ain't no limit to this melody melody
You niggas sipping on that jealousy jealousy
I pour a tall glass of hennesey hennesey
Do you want to have a sip with me sip with me
Or would you rather try and trip with me trip with me
Put ya cups on the table and your hands in the air
And touch your brim to the side that's only if you a player
And all the ladies in this motherfucker acting up
Don't hurt nobody when you back it up
Cause we came here to have a good time
Me and my niggas in the sunshine sunshine
On 3 wheels with one 9 ya know
Yeah

I got this henn in my cup
And this Buddha got me stuck
I'm just trying to compose myself compose myself
I don't know why I act this way
I just want to be left alone
I'm just trying to enjoy myself enjoy myself

Shaquille o'neal is down with us
Look half dead is down with us
My nigga mel man is down with us
And eastside watts is down with us
The whole crip car is down with us
My niggas on the four yard I'm givin it up
We number one one one one
Gunshot with a bullet motherfuckers

I'm so elated
I hope my feet don't touch the pavement
Cause I love the way I feel when I'm with you
Anticipatin' all the ways you drive me crazy
To the moon and back yeah babe that's what you do

Ooh and we don't need to read between the lines
Between the lines
Ooh baby I can feel what's on your mind
What's on your mind

Hey, hey, hey, boy!
Hey, hey, hey, boy!
Hey, hey, hey, boy!
Hey, hey, hey, boy!

You want it and you know what to do
I'm not tryna wait around
I can see you want it
And you know what to do
I'm not tryna wait around

C'mon admit it I got your heart up in the ceiling
And I'm in a groove that takes us through the roof
I must confess that this connection is something special
Ain't no question, boy don't try to play it cool

Ooh and we don't need to read between the lines
Between the lines
Oooh baby I can feel what's on your mind
What's on your mind

Hey, hey, hey, boy!

You want it and you know what to do
I'm not tryna wait around
I can see you want it
And you know what to do
I'm not tryna wait around

You want it, I want it
You want it, so get on it
You want it, I want it
You need it, we need it

Hey, hey, hey ,boy!

Yea Yea, Evie Eve
And you know, you better know

[Snoop Dogg]
I keep some chuck's on my feet khakis on my legs
Trunk full of funk nigga while I'm breaking bread
Sliding through your system banging, bobbing heads
Doing mines and I don't care what other niggas saying
They can pop it, but they can't stop it, boy I'm getting mine
Selling clothes up in this bitch like Calvin Klein
Getting cuties to shake they booty at the same time
I'd be damned If I go back to jail for the same crime
I'm to slick to get caught up in this dirty game
I'm a scollar that make dollars off the birdy game
Crip hoping I got it popping on the Blvd.
Man I ain't fucking with Chevy's I got my own car
D-O Double you don't want to rumble, why you testing me
Oh I know, you must be gone off them extacy
Bad habits you better kick it before it get you loc
And try to get yourself hooked on this chronic smoke
Fo' sho!

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
Hey y'all, dogs from East to West Coast
All my dogs we could smoke, we 'bout to take some bank roll
Everywhere that I go, man I see the same hoes
I know they already know, yea we like it real raw
Snoop, Evie Eve and Nate Dogg

[Eve]
(uh-huh)These niggas got you head nodding
And this chick got the drums from your ears throbbing
Known to do it, baby bubbling do 'chu dare stop it
Love when bitches hate you, hear the song pimps
ain't nothing to me, Got my nigga Snoop he been down
As for my nigga Nate, shit he was in town
created heat so you can bang it, crank it nice and loud
Can't block me out I'm popping up Evie Eve, I'm upon your tv
Ain't never stuck up off the freezyness
Same bitch, same pitch nothing ridiculous
Want this brown girl I see you thug lick your lips
Gotta have that bombshell, damn girl I need you for me
Keep love on the both sides, we in the church
On these niggas getting smoke ties, domino playing
Up here praying that they legalize, but fuck it still choke top down
Baby blowing smoke in the sky, come on

[Chorus]

[Eve]
Now when you see me acting up in the club (it ain't nothing)
Uh six fall up on dub's (it ain't nothing)
Huh breaking up blueberry buds (it ain't nothing)
And every hood showing nothing but love (it ain't nothing)
Taste buds ain't the same, for the simple brain
Should of never let me learn what millions really mean
Yea I'm a simple girl, but really don't want simple things
Keep real dogs close, hate cats with simple brains
Not ready for the collision, stay up in your lane
East coast, West coast, you still don't fucking think
Dedicate to you baby, keep your gangsta lean

[Snoop Dogg]
You gots to be my queen, cause I'm the Big king
The one with the Big house with the Big things
Sister Eve, you blessed the whole scene
You're the queen of the team, with cream, you're so supreme
A blessing in the skies, open up your eyes
Me and you together shit, we gone collect the vibes
Exercise, and go where we want to go, stay fly
Sure and original, turn up your stereo
Cause here we go, here we go

[Chorus]

It ain't nothing [Repeat: x4]

A brother sayin hi to you (say it)
I really wouldn't lie to you
I want to get inside of you
Inside of you, what you try to do (can I hit it)
A brother sayin hi to you (wish me luck)
I really wouldn't lie to you (yea)
I want to be inside of you (fo real)
And after I do, goodbye to you

[Verse 1:]
Watch my floors fo' sho', hock up the kitchen
Suck me dry, let's get high, then wash the dishes
You get three wishes if you're cute and ambitious
Like Tisha and Denisha, boy them chickens was vicious
Wicked, how I kick it, I stick it in the eye
Oops, slid it on the accident
But, when I first met her she was so ???
So it made no sense why she did that for the hell of it
We did it on the wall, me and my dogg
And I met her at the mall
Lakewood, so good, when I be inside of you
I'm just tryna freak it, make it fly for you
Make you want to come back and get another piece
And share with your peoples and tell your little niece
My khackis every crease with the rubber in my pocket
Ride it, divide it, and please don't knock it til you tried it

[Chorus:]
A brother sayin hi to you
I want to be inside of you
I know I'm lookin fly to you
I wouldn't lie to you, what'cha tryna do
A brother sayin hi to you
You know I wouldn't lie to you
I want to be inside of you
And after I do, goodbye to you

[Verse 2:]
Ay ay, baby who with cause your thang like tendin girl
Get it wit your fit in, and welcome to my world
Fancy cars, yachts n pools, basketball courts that's made for high schools
Backyard full of dogs, got a pawn full of fish
But a bad girl, I think that's all that's missin from my list
Unless you want to be the girl that fill that void-acap

Gather 'round, go a-head and stare
(You street folks don't need permission my life's in hi-definition)
Listen with your eyes follow with your ears
(I don't need no intermission my life's in hi-definition)

And my return, is more like a re-up
I hold a hole like a tea-cup
World in one hand, while the other hand throw a peace up
My other hand throwing We without the e up
I got like five more man I'm something like Shiva
In that Fall of Rome No.IV Deluxe
See I've been around the world like the gnome
But I come from a zone where the homes are beat up
The folks, unknowns, and the stones all meet up
Police tap my phone, got my songs on speaker
Say he's back to poems, got their domes all geeked up
To get up on they thrones and become young leaders
Oprah put it on my culture now if that ain't wrong
Imus got it from the rhymers now if that ain't blown
They gave my man forty four now if that ain't long
I put it all on my shoulders now if that ain't strong
I made it out alive from the streets of the westside C-H-I
Now if that ain't home you better tell em

Gather 'round, go a-head and stare
(You street folks don't need permission my life's in hi-definition)
Listen with your eyes follow with your ears
(I don't need no intermission my life's in hi-definition)

And in my flyness I've become the hero and the sidekick
The rider and the nigga that'll ride with
In your ear like the maker of the vivrant
Asalamalakam to the maker of the vivrant
Them other niggas I don't vibe with
Now I was bout three when the eyes went
But I could see everything that you trying to be
You can't hide it
While you coming out your throat like a heimlich
I came up out the belly like an high scip
Only my circumstance reviced it
Hijacked the road and when they shot the pilot
I'm trying to go public so I can get to private
Then send Busy to go and get the pirates
Then hit Africa and try to fix the Virus
Go back to the hood tell Huggy open the hydrents
R.I.P Stack B. I'm gonna keep you alive kid
Dressed in something so fresh and wonderful
F-N-F and S-N double O-P

Gather 'round, go a-head and stare
(You street folks don't need permission my life's in hi-definition)
Listen with your eyes follow with your ears
(I don't need no intermission my life's in hi-definition)

Lupy, it's Snoopyy lets go out/wild
Tip toe through the door do it doggy style
And tell all my chicks in Chi-I-cago
Lupy hit the Lotto, Snoopy hit the bottle
Dolemite tight they bite, they might follow
Take this chill pill, will make you swallow
Recital is very homicidal
The big screen will capture it, cause it's hi-definition
Listen cooking collard greens in the kitchen
Them alphabet boys on a mission
If you ever get cash you better get it quick fast
Cause now-a-days niggas get the snitching on your bitch ass
Even your boys, best believe in your toys, out your game
Specially when a nigga know your real name
Blam blam with the blammer
Smile nephew your on candit camera, film at eleven
Dressed in something so fresh and wonderful
F-N-F and S-N double O-P

Gather 'round, go a-head and stare
(You street folks don't need permission my life's in hi-definition)
Listen with your eyes follow with your ears
(I don't need no intermission my life's in hi-definition)

[Chorus]
I need some weed now (I need some weed now)
Somebody call the weed man (Somebody call the weed man)
I'm tryna get high (I'm tryna get high, tryna get high)
I need some weed now
Somebody call the weed man
I'm tryna get high (I'm tryna get high, tryna get high)

Woke up at the Ritz Carlton, damn sun in my face
Racks in my jeans, gun still on my waist
And I ain't leaving shit in my cup, that's such a waste
You know I'm sipping on that straight like that "oh, what a a taste!"
Tip the valet a hundred, I love to stunt
Pulled up in that mean machine, leave it up front
This passed out thing beside me, I barely know her
But you can just imagine the shit I'm 'bout to show her
Snow way, them streets too cold, them bitches polar
Expectations out of this world, I'm thinking solar
That's why I do it for that Kalamazoo
And then NOLA, that's what happens
When you learn to mix it with that soda

[Chorus]

I wake up just to bake up, get my cake up and rise up
Motivating factors that I'm liver than most
I boast and bang, pour some pain in that thing
Put some purple rain on your brain, unravel the flame
Maintain my fame, get you new pictures
Just to put in your frame
We in the hood blowing kush with The Game
Foot in the cane, walking just like I'm an Indian chief
With no beef, real brief, with a wreath
You may think it's a leaf!
With the residue stuck deep down in your teeth
When you smoking with the dogg, shit, you might not eat!
It's OK, cause we lay, in the cut, on the hill, on the dip
With a fit on Crip, don't trip

[Chorus]

The coffee that I had, it was good to the last drop
But now I'm fresh out and you know it don't, stop
So please man, somebody call the weed man
I'd call mine, but he's been low on herb even
I'm fiending, daydreaming of the times when I had
Much mota, many different kinds in the bag
I fell hard for the funk, I can't fake the love
I smoke dro, good Reggie, smoke shake to nugs
If it's weed, then I'm with it
You got a paper? Then twist it. You got a bowl? Fill it.
Got a blunt? Let me split it down the gut
But shit for what? Cause ain't no green on the scene
Man, what the fuck?

Niggas hit the pavement
When I come through slow
In a six-four hanging out the window
Niggas hit the pavement
When I fall through the club
Chuckin' up the dub on you scrubs
Niggas hit the pavement
DF on the beat
If you don't work then you don't eat
Niggas hit the pavement
Real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me
Real niggas hit the pavement

I'm in a coke white BM, just clocked in at eleven PM
Uh, while I'm blowin' my millions
Most of y'all niggas probably going to bed
The molly red, coming back home with the bread
Handle my metal, Hansel & Gretel
Cheese, keys, breeze, it's settled
This shit hot like a pot

Niggas hit the pavement
When I come through slow
In a six-four hanging out the window
Niggas hit the pavement
When I fall through the club
Chuckin' up the dub on you scrubs
Niggas hit the pavement
DF on the beat
If you don't work then you don't eat
Niggas hit the pavement
Real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me
Real niggas hit the pavement

Yea! Fuckin' Snoop lovable
Yea, I'm searchin' through time and space
To find the funk
And reconnect the middle ship
Yea, and now this is quite some journey
Seven days of funk, baby

Niggas hit the pavement
When I come through slow
In a six-four hanging out the window
Niggas hit the pavement
When I fall through the club
Chuckin' up the dub on you scrubs
Niggas hit the pavement
DF on the beat
If you don't work then you don't eat
Niggas hit the pavement
Real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me
Real niggas hit the pavement

Droppin C's for the G's
Hopin' my peas, battin' my eyes while crossin' my T's
Me and Dane spittin' game, doin' shows overseas
Forty years old, have no fuckin' enemies
Check checker bo readear letter mo wetter
If you knew better then you'd probably do better
Act like you know
Know not, better know better

'Cause niggas hit the pavement
When I come through slow
In a six-four hanging out the window
Niggas hit the pavement
When I fall through the club
Chuckin' up the dub on you scrubs
Niggas hit the pavement
DF on the beat
If you don't work then you don't eat
Niggas hit the pavement
Real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me
Real niggas hit the pavement

I live with a maid
I won't be happy 'til my whole team paid
From my mama to my daddy, to my kids, to my wife
And all my kinfolks in the afterlife
I'm chillin' on the moon like man tonight
Big Snoop Dogg got 'em actin like
Money is the key to end all your wrongs
Mo money, mo hoes

Niggas hit the pavement
When I come through slow
In a six-four hanging out the window
Niggas hit the pavement
When I fall through the club
Chuckin' up the dub on you scrubs
Niggas hit the pavement
DF on the beat
If you don't work then you don't eat
Niggas hit the pavement
Real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me
Real niggas hit the pavement

[Chorus:]
'Cause were all a little strong
But as for me I only G when I'm buss'n rocks
In the beach where the papers long

Now when I wake up in the morning
And I get up out my bed
I feel good, oh yes I do

Cause I still can give it up for you {What up cuz}

[Chorus]

You know you gotta have heart
I told you niggas from the start
If I'm still in it I'm in it for life
Always stay down and keep my muthafuckin' game tight
'Cause ever since elementary or was it pre-school, cool
I was a muthafuckin' fool
I had to have papers it was routine
A young nigga on a mission for them collard greens
I shake niggas, break niggas, make niggas , shank they selves
For fuckin' with my wealth
And it'll catch on
'Cause if it don't it's on
And 'cause I ain't even slippin' when I'm all alone
Sittin' back laughin' in the chronic zone
Clown me ya gone
Surround me it's on
And it's the same old song
Niggas paper so long
So if you want me, get me , got me
But now they call me Snoop Gotti
They call him Snoop Capone
Should of had shot him
And that's all I L.B.C. betta yet
That's all I D.P.G.C.

[Chorus]

Tryin' to get some bones
I'm slappin' bones
With some dogg pound gangstas in front of my home
Big 6, big 5 3's with ya bitch
My girls in the kitchen cookin' up some fish
Knuckle head nigga, thought I was slippin'
I'm blastin' at this nigga that was trippin'
But I wasn't slippin' I was on deck
I blast his ass peck peck know his shirts wet
With no remorse, I had to take him out
Dead, gone, lights out
I'm laughin' at this shit cause it was funny
Fuckin' with the Dogg I take your life and your money
And now I dip to my spot
And bet nobody speak on the 8-7
And set up shop with yo rocks
'Cause still all Doggs go to heaven
From my hood to your hood
Game recognize it's all to the good
So here's a toast to the indo
Doing it like it's the thang to do
I thought you knew

[Chorus]

Freestylin' C-stylin'
Snoop and Pooh comin' through fixin' to take you to the island
Where the bitches and the bud come free
And everybody listen to the D-O double G
Hoes on my dick, niggas on my nuts
People be lovin' me because I drop cuts
That makes sense and make big money
See Snoop is that nigga who don't have to play funny
But I got yo honey up under my wing
'Cause she like that song that the bow wow sing
I'll put her in a cling
I won't buy her a ring
But I'll put her on a hoe stroll make me
And even if she never saw me befo'
Theres just no way that she can tell me no
You know my game unbelievable baby
And it's strong enough to make your grandmama pay me

You know what I'm sayin'
Only the strong survive
Is this the question that you have to ask
But you gotta ask the question
See why the survivors Eastsida'z yea

[Chorus]

D.P.G.C.
West coast
Gangsta shit
DJ Pooh
D.P.G.C. yeah
That nigga Snoop Dogg
Old school to the new school
West coast rules fool
You betta ask somebody
D.P.G.C. yeah
Yeah

[Chorus]

Fresh off the streets, just finished a show in Long Beach
Ready to relax, kick up my feet
Maybe smoke a blunt or two, that's what I want to do
Broke out and called up the homeboy Snoop (What happenin' nephew?)
Oh, nothin' just called, lookin' for some women who can fondle my balls
(Well you hit the right dogg, I can help you with that
Gimme 15 minutes, and I hit you right back)
Off to the hotel, I was ready indeed
Slapped the button in the 'llac to control the speed
Put one up in the air, the cops just stared
Waved my hands out the roof like I just ain't care
Got to the tele and I slid through the door
On to the elevator, hit the penthouse floor
And what would happen next only time could tell
'Cause I got up to my room, and I was mad as hell (Ah! Damn!)

Who let these hoes in my room? (These hoes)
Who let these hoes in my room? (Did you let 'em in?)
Who let these hoes in my room? (I wanna know)
Who let these hoes in my room?

Now it was five B.A.P hoes and they look like trash
But one was midget, so we'll just say four and a half
I was stuck speechless, couldn't believe my eyes
What'd I do to deserve this unpleasant surprise?
And I was thinkin' to myself, "This is just my luck"
Then my nigga bust in like "What the fuck!?"
(Oh shit it's Snoop!)

Who in the hell let them booger bears out they cell (Not me)
And what they doin' in ya' room? Nigga make 'em bail (Yeah)
Got some fine bitches, dime bitches on they way (Okay)
And told security, "Let 'em in, with no delay" (Ha Ha!)
So when they get here, they'll probably be like half naked
Don't mean to trip out, but bitch y'all got to dip out (Dip Out!)
Catch the elevator up one floor
Presidential with the slidin' key for the door (Oh No!)
What the fuck goin' on? Shit, all around the world Luda, then it's the same song
Them bitches was so ugly, I told 'em to go home

Who let these hoes in my room? (Man who let these hoes in my room man?)
Who let these hoes in my room? (Did you let 'em in?)
Who let these hoes in my room? (Who let 'em in?)
Who let these hoes in my room?

Now, these chicks wouldn't leave, they was ready to clown
One was 5'6 and weighed three hundred pounds
(No she didn't come through with a thong on
She did for the hell of it, big fat whale of it)
You can't separate me, I'ma separate you
Bitch ya' pussy smell like Pepe Le Pew
(You filthy, nasty, sick in the head
Sitting in my dressing room with dick on ya' brain)
She said "I want you to climb in this underwear, silly"
But I was turned off by her tupper-ware titties
(Fake bitches, break bitches, make bitches
Kick rocks, when they fucked up in they face
Tick-tock, you gots to get up out my space
Hey Ludacris let's get the fuck up out this place, let's bounce)
Then it got to my head, and something reminded me
I know who let 'em in, it was Bill O'Reilly (Faggot)
(Ya' white bread, chicken-shit nigga!)

Who let these hoes in my room? (Who let these hoes in my room?)
Who let these hoes in my room? (Did you let 'em in?)
Who let these hoes in my room? (I need to know, who let these hoes in)
Who let these hoes in my room? (Ay, y'all gotta go)

Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side
Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side
Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side

For all my homies with the eight tray wigs (ride on)
And all the players in the '79 Coupes (ride on)
For all of my gang affiliates in tha hoppin' '68
This ones from me to you (ride on) 
Well, not the Under Dogg, call me the Wonder Dogg
I keep it crackin' while I'm stackin' in this game called rappin'
Now I kick up my feet like I kick a rhyme to a beat
And everytime you see me on the streets ,I gots some heat
Hell, yeah, then pass the beat
And everybody wanna know what's up with me and Master P (ughh)
For your concern, you knew there wann't no gimmick
When I got into some gangsta shit and told you wann't No Limit
To the thangs I'm gon' do
Now it's really goin' down with the DPGC
Well, Daz did the beat, and Kurupt got the heat
And Tray Dee, he laid the hook and Supafly played the keys (woo, woo)
Ughh, it get no realer than this from the LB to the Down South
Add more killers to this entourage
South, West, oh, yes
We in charge and we'll pull your cards
No disrespect or disregards
Life in the big LB is gettin' hard (so what)
So my squad gon' mob and drop bombs
Bring me along, we causin' everybody harm

I make ya scream (ahhhhhh)
I make ya shout (ooooohhh)
C'mon all you partyin' people
Let me turn ya out
Cause you know I'm all about
The hoes, money, and clout
And I rock a Long Beach City (heyyyyyy)
All the way down South
I make ya scream (ahhhhhh)
I make ya shout (ooooohhh)
C'mon all you partyin' people
Let me turn ya out
Cause you know I'm all about
The hoes, money, and clout
And I rock a Long Beach City (heyyyyyy)
All the way down South

Can you feel me?
I can dig it
Hoes- Take me to the bridge

Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (who)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (what)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (who)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg

Whether in a Khaki suit or a pimped stripe
I'm a G for G and nuttin' else for life
You can bet your bottom biscuit
You get twisted if you dwellin' in my felon intuition (what up)
Tha Doggfather is a household name
From basketball to alcohol, everybody love the Dogg
I'm sure Billy King probably got a Doggystyle tape
Somewhere hidden in his briefcase
Newsweek, Rolling Stone, major magazines
Dope fiends, prom queens, we too clean
Take a look you ain't ever seen
One hip-hop rapstar drop this West Coast rap-cord
Back to the spot up top
West Hills for real, give it up to him (WC)
A who bang with diamond
Take a hit with big Lajeezy before he found some wheezy
With blue Colion playin' in the backround
On the behind line with big style
Hitting P, LIG tell him let it go
Game strong, no longer in the roll
Just a few names from the respected files
LBC styles, DPG ale 
I bought a house with a lake in the back
My big holey stack just like that

I make ya scream (ahhhhhh)
I make ya shout (ooooohhh)
C'mon all you partyin' people
Let me turn ya out
Cuz you know I'm all about
The hoes, money, and clout
And I rock a Long Beach City (heyyyyyy)
All the way down South
I make ya scream (ahhhhhh)
I make ya shout (ooooohhh)
C'mon all you partyin' people
Let me turn ya out
Cause you know I'm all about
The hoes, money, and clout
And I rock a Long Beach City (heyyyyyy)
All the way down South

Bomb ass pussy
Bomb, oh, you got that bomb, know you got it
Bomb, oh, you got some bomb-ass pussy
Bomb, I know you got that bomb, bomb pussy

[Chorus x 2]
(What you doin'?) Nothing, chillin' at the Holiday Inn
(Who you wit'?) Me and my peeps; won't you bring four of your friends?
(What we gon' do?) Feel on each other, and sip on some Hen
One thing leading to another; let the party begin

[Chingy]
Peeps call me up, said it's a hotel party
Just bring the liquor; there's already eight shawties
I'm on my way (way); let me stop by the store
Get a twelve pack of Corona plus a ounce of 'dro, ya know?
Now I'm on Highway 2-7, need a natural graze road
I'm already blowed; hit third, I'm a be be blowed some mo'
Pulled up, stop parked, rims still spinning
Valet lookin' like he in the game and must be winning
To room four-nine-O I'm headed; on my way up
There's three girls on the elevator like "wassup"
I told 'em: "follow me" 
They knew I had it cracking, B	
One said, "ain't you that boy that be on BET?"
"Yeah, that's me, Ching-a-ling equipped wit' much ding-a-ling."
Knock on the door; I'm on the scene of things
Busted in, Henny bottle to the face!
Fuck it then; feel like my head a toxic waste
There's some pretty girls in here; I heard 'em whispering
Talking 'bout "that's that dude that sing 'Right Thurr'; he glistening."
I ain't come to talk (talk), I ain't come to sit (sit)
What I came for was to find out who I'm gon' hit; aww, shit

[Chorus x 2]

[Chingy]
Ma showed up like, "what's the hold up?"
Man know what get them wraps and roll up
I took a chick in the bathroom, seeing what's poppin'
You know what's on my mind, shirts off and panties dropping
Niggas knocking on the door drunk, actin' silly
The girl said, "can I be in yo' video?" 
I'm like "yeah!" Oh really?
Now she naked, strip teasing; me, I'm just cheesing
She gave me a reason to be a damn heathen
Handled that, told ol' G bring the camera
Then I thought about no footage while I ram her
Walked out the bathroom smiling, cats still whiling
Sharing the next room wit' some girls lookin' like they from an island

[Chorus x 2]

[Ludacris]
Stop, drop, kaboom! Baby, rub on ya nipples
Some call me Ludacris, some call me Mr. Wiggles
Far from little; make ya mammary glands giggle
Got 'em under control, the bowl of tender vittles
Doctor giggles, I can't stop until it tickles
Just play a little "D," and I'll make ya mouth dribble
Bits and Kibbles, got 'em all after the pickle
I swing it like a bat, but these balls are not whiffle
Hit 'em in triples, wit' no strikes, stripes, or whistles
I ain't felt this good since my wood lived off a thistle
Sippin' some ripple, I got quarters, dimes, and nickels
For shizzle dizzle, I'm on a track with the Big Snoop Dizzle
Let the Henny trickle down the beat wit' a ghetto tempo
I done blazed the instrumental, laid it plain and simple
Getting brain in the rental, I done did it again
My eyes chinky; I'm wit' Chingy at the Holiday Inn

[Chorus x 2]

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, let the party begin, bitch
Ching-a-ling-ling all the way in St. Louis
My nigga Chingy disturbing tha peace
Luda, Luda going hard on you hos
Yeah, bitch, bring four of ya friends
Meet me at the Holiday Inn
Bring a gang of that Hen, some DSOP
Oh wee, and light that sticky icky
And we gon' do the damn thing
Know what I'm talking 'bout?
We gon' disturb the peace right now
Yeah, we ain't doing nothing but chillin'
We chillin' and nuttin'
Know what I'm talking 'bout? So push the button
You know what's happenin', fa shizzle, uh-huh
Yeah, bitch, trying to run from this pimpin'
You can't out run the pimpin', bitch
I done told you

[Chorus]
Starts off like a small town marriage
Lovely wife and life, baby carriage
Now all the stars have cars,
Success of course
But it ends in Hollywood divorce
Hollywood divorce

(And I'm a star!)
Yeah, and I don't have to go to Hollywood
'Cause Hollywood come through my neighborhood with cameras on
I really think they're stealing from us like a sample song
I really wish one day we'd take it back like Hammer's home
The hurricane come and took my Louisiana home
And all I got in return was a darn country song
This whole country wrong,
Oh, but you right, if you just put a little ice on,
And cut your mic on
But you don't even write songs
But Hollywood make you spit like a python, I meant Cobra. 
I'm so not sober.
I'm high like a Hollywood coffee or soda.
You can call me a roller. (Hold up)
Your grill's glistenin'
Spent a hundred thousand on mine to feel different.
What's the real sense of it?
Bling bling, I know.
And did you know I'm the creator of the term?
I just straightened the perm
They let it sit too long. 
They just making it burn.
Make a movie of our lifestyle,
But they earn like a dead body burned on a mantelpiece
That's why I try not to lie on wax 
Like this candle grease
And I be's the little nigga
Cooler than anti-freeze 
Defrost on your window pane 
Lil Wayne
But in Hollywood it's Little Wayne
Don't make me nut
So that's why I got a pre-nup
(I do)

[Chorus]

(Yeah, Yeah)
A is for Adamsville
Be is Bowen Homes
See if I give a fuck 
If you like me you know I don't
If she ain't got a good head on her leave that ho alone
If she do got some good head on her let her sing a song
D is for what I serve, 
I don't be on no curb
She ain't no junkie neither
I ain't no dope dealer
But she keep coming back 
Three stacks must be some crack
Put that pipe in her lap 
She ain't know how to act
Now that I've got your un-
Divided attention I'm
Gonna say this and run 
Under condition one
Promise me you gon' stack 
Promise me you gon' ball
Promise me you'll invest 
Three fourths of it all
(For what?) 
So your kids' kids' kids can have some cheese
Can't get with it? 
Get get get get get on your knees
Cause 'wealth' is the word (yep)
'Rich' is 'round the corner from the curb
Don't like what I write? 
Shoot me a bird

Tenth grade 
The way was paved 
For me and Dre. to create
Like Dr. Frankenstein 
The arts and crafts
Now could we make a difference
Antoine Patton and Andre Benjamin
Been jamming for you crabbing rap niggas and journalists
That's quick to misprint 
Public and private business
Then retract back for deaf ears 
And think it's dismissed
Part two, the sequel 
All new cast
Just ain't the same 
Gang of nerds on the internet
Slandering your name 
Behind that screen name
They're lame 
And their life is pretty plain
M&M;'s with no nuts
Won't show up face-to-face 
Straight bitch made
Like puppies on the nipples of a mutt
Address it on a case-by-case basis like the judge
(What about these lyin' ass hoes tryin to plot?)
Or these niggas on the block who want the queen (Nigga please)
But even she can walk 
We'll miss her we ain't gon' fake it
But God don't make mistakes 
Must be something bigger waiting

[Chorus]

(I do) 
Love you but you hate me at the same time
Lights, camera, action, 
It's game time
Do you take this here 
As your lovely wife?
To love her and cherish her 
For all your life?
I solemnly swear to dare share 
Take you there
And me and you together 
Baby we a lucky pair
It's been a long time 
We walked a thin line
Others say they got you 
But you been mine
As I sit back and watch all them cat fights
Domestic violence (Is that right?)
But you love the dog
Gave me the spotlight
And now I'm growing up 
Showing up 
Blowing up
I never ever thought that we would separate at all
But you played me 
Like a game of football
Used to feed me 
Need me 
Dress me
Now it's so messy 
Straight cut out and left me

Hollywood divorce. 
All the fresh styles always start off as a good little hood thing.
Look at blues, rock, jazz, rap
Not even talking about music
Everything else too.
By the time it reach Hollywood it's over.
But it's cool.
We just keep it going and make new shit.

Take our game
Take our name
Give us a little fame
And then they kick us to the curb 
That's a cold thing

You say you wanna take a ride? Get in
I grew up on that other side, getting it in
You niggas selling a bunch of pies, snatch a Benz
I heard you say it's going down, I'm going in
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide, ya ya

Fighting, shooting, killing, riding
Cripping, tripping, spitting fire
In the kitchen, baking pies
Taking mines, making mines
Yellow tape, black gun
Fill it with them hollow shells
And leave the scene bloody
Buddy can't nobody tell
Catch a plane to the ATL
Lay low in a cheap motel
Whatever suits ya
And get a few thangs from my cousin Future
Now I'm back on and popping like
Trapping, rapping in the cut
Talk shit, I fuck you up
They don't recognize who I am or where I'm from
So I hit the strip club banging twenty crip 'cause
Treble with the bass, put that thang up in yo shavening
And leave yo body bleeding on the pavement

You say you wanna take a ride? Get in
I grew up on that other side, getting it in
You niggas selling a bunch of pies, snatch a Benz
I heard you say it's going down, I'm going in
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide, ya ya

[?] open up that fire
You gotta question a nigga standing next to you, cut him off
I grew up on the side you gotta make yourself a boss
Niggas'll shit on you any chance they get
Cross you out on a lick
If you ain't ready for the ending then quit
It's a dirty world, you gotta get your hands dirty
I'm going for the title with my hands on the rifle
I put in the same work you put in, survival
Looking at my rival, they looking suicidal
Keep them bodies off wax, I can spot a rat
Let the [?] play, brrrat!

You say you wanna take a ride? Get in
I grew up on that other side, getting it in
You niggas selling a bunch of pies, snatch a Benz
I heard you say it's going down, I'm going in
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide, ya ya

Slang a bunch of packs, and go and snatch a Benzo
I played them streets as a young nigga, ain't never liked Nintendo
Them gangstas in the yard, them my motherfucking kinfolk
They'll kidnap you and yo broad (in broad) daylight, no pretendo
I grew up 'round a bunch of monsters, call that pressure on ya
Be so scared for ya life, you call the police on ya
You ready, say you ready
You gon' starve or you want fetti yo life'll change a second
Good or bad, don't open yo mouth, make sure you shut it
Ain't no telling who listening, make a wise decision
I'm from 'cross the tracks, like Boozie
Where you ride, you better know who shooting

You say you wanna take a ride? Get in
I grew up on that other side, getting it in
You niggas selling a bunch of pies, snatch a Benz
I heard you say it's going down, I'm going in
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide (murder, murder)
Go tell 'em it's a homicide, ya ya

Hey yo, Soopafly
These niggaz act like they don't know my motherfuckin' name (gangsta)
Hmm...ain't that a trip
Now I put half these niggaz on (ain't that something)

Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)

Niggaz wasn't even rapping till I came out
You know what I'm sayin?
Y'all know what time it is

Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)

Every nigga in this rap game, to the dope game
Now I got the hook up on the dodo, for sure tho'
But I'm not a weed seller, but a crocka sack beller
A rap star plus a 2 time felon
Sellin' phones out the trunk I mix G with funk
I put it all together, and rock it till it chump
Then bag it up and sag it up and then serve
I'm always on the pager, never on the curb
I'm big time, get mine, stay down for the grizind
I keep it gangsta, nigga, all the tizime
Ask them niggaz, from way down South (who?)
The boys right there with the gold in they mouth
They'll tell ya (tell ya)
There ain't no bullshit to sell ya
Snoop D-O double G who wannabes wannabe
I got love for my folkers out in 'Lejo
And all my soldiers gettin' busy down in N-O
Gangsta's, get respect from me
And all you other niggaz gettin' checked by me
That's on the C, DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
That's on me (DPG)
Now what?
I'm

Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)

Now all the bitches if you with me, come get me
I'm in room 210, don't forget to bring the gin
That's the old fashion way, and bring a friend with ya
So when I'm through with ya she can hit ya
Shit I ain't trippin'
I'm dippin'
There's money to be made
It's funny how she layed when I told her she couldn't stay
Look here, my boo'll be through
So you gotta raise, boy game pays
On the next phase, gotta show to do at 4
Then I'm headed right back to the studio
If you need the hook up
Give a nigga a holla
I slide through your hood, in the gold impala
Drop off a sack, then I head right back
And I hope I don't get jacked, cause you know I'm ridin' strapped
But if the boys decide to pull me over loc
They recognize my face, and so they go
Gangsta's get respect ya see
All y'all other niggaz gettin' shook like fleas
That's on the C
DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
That's on me

Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)

Dogg Pound Gangsta's
Say it with me
Say it with me
Say it with me
Say it for me
Right back at ya
Who go the hook up?
I do
I got the hook up
I got the hook up
If ya need it
I got the hook up
Yeah
That's gangsta
Straight up
98
Doggy Dogg

Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)

Ain't No Limit to this shit
Ain't No Limit to this shit nigga
Straight up
That's gangsta
And we out

Man I had a crazy crazy dream dogg.
I had a dream I was in the NBA straight playin basketball.
NBA straight getting my ball on dogg.
Can you imagine? 
Snoop Dogg in the NBA? 
Imagine that, Hoop Doggy Dogg.
Yea straight ballin.
You know I'm a ball anyway so why not.
Let me get my ball on.

If I could play in the NBA
I would be that six-four all day shootin that trey
I dribbled to the outside and passed it to Shaq
they double teamed on him so he passed it back
Look at the 3 but I don't take the shot
cause I think I'm cold and I ain't trying to get hot
I'm feelin bionic, we playing the Sonics
And I'm sticking Gary Payton so you know I'm ball hatin
Bang on Vin Baker cause real Lakers really don't care yea yea
Next stop in the court on Damon toast Stouda and my homeboy J.R. Rider
Minnesota Timberwolves, we cut 'em down
Hakeem Olajuwon and Scottie Pippen, we shut 'em down
The Twin Towers, Dave and Duncan 
20 in the paint fool you get's nothing
On a four game roll sweep, beep beep
We beat the Bulls and we rocked the Heat
And we traded for a few players, some Pacers
Miller and Mullin and now they Lakers
We can't be beat now, we on a 27 game win streak now, bow wow
When it all started from a dream
I'm playin point guard on my favorite team (Lakers)
I got the big perm, doing interviews with Chick Herm
At Stu Lance, we do a dance
When it rains poppin shampane
Basketball yes why'all that's the game
Two years ago a friend of mine 
Ask me to glide from the free throw line
So I took the ball, and as I made the hoop 
Everybody jumped up and they said "Go Snoop"
And my career jumped off into the fast lane 
My rookie season I made my first all star game
Double G like George Gervin, that's what the call me cause I'm so ice
Ballin cause that's my life, I balls all day, and I balls all night
They call me Snoop Dogg and everybody know I love to hustle and ball
The season gettin tragic we lost to the Magic
and the word is that Rodman done had it
So I guess it on a young homie, the great number 8, Mr. Koby
Give him the ball dogg he ready
We got to play Charlotte tonight, I'm stickin Eddie
Remember all the good times that we had
'cause don't trip to long cause tomorrow we play the Jazz
Then it on to play the Denver Nuggets
The homeboy Nick they traded, but damn I still love 'em
Keep a picture of 'em on the wall next to Dr. J
Meach, I love basketball
Allen Iverson on the fly boy he hard to stick
see Webb comin through with a quick pick
The NBA Saturday mornings hey or maybe on a Sunday
We in the playoffs so stay off the court
This ain't no game, this a sport
And we in it to win it, we ballin, No Limit
Remember this 
When I grow up on wanted to be a point guard playing on NBC
With Herb and Suge or Pistol Pete or World B. Free givin dap to me
Givin up my dues with converse shoes 
And tellin all the kids to stay in school
This is true and your dreams can come true
if it happen to me, it can happen to you

That's for all the NBA players that dream of being a rapper.
I'm a rapper that dreams of being a NBA player and I'm a baller.
Let's bounce up out of here man.

Hot hot

Hot hot

Hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl (girl), hot girl, hot girl, hot hot
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot hot girl
She's a hot girl

She couldn't be no hotter,
Lava drippin off her Prada hottest Ti-juana mama
She's a hot hot
And I love the way you do it,
Got me feelin like it's humid
Got 'em whoa-in, got 'em oh-in
She's a hot hot
And I melted when I felt it
Turn it up, she got me burnin up I can't help it
Hot hot
He-y baby drive me crazy baby
We could skip the club go home and fuck until we're 80 baby

I been thinkin when I wit you I ain't blinkin
Girl you know you fill my boat and it ain't sinkin
You ride it light a fire make you burnin
Makes you up sippin, drinkin
She the type you lock down, like you're sitting, get it?
Spendin just to see her shakin poppin droppin
Send it over to me baby 'cause I startup finish
I'm a menace with a, uh,
She the reason for the fire that I'm spittin

Hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl (girl), hot girl, hot girl, hot hot
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot hot girl
She's a hot girl

She buy me five seven twenty baby
Give this money

She's a hot hot
She love to see me stuntin,
How she loosen up her buttons girl, it's nuttin,
I ain't frontin
She's a hot hot
She's a animal and beast, free, tryin to taste
She the hottest and I mean heat
Hot hot
If you feelin what I'm feelin,
Baby we could make a killin, I just went into the sun
Hot hot
Give me lovin
Turn my room into a oven
Like she's*** cooler than the winter,
Hot as hell, she's a sinner
If she touch it one more time I'm a have to put it in her
Got me hungry, got me famished 'cause she's from another planet
You just wouldn't understand it til
You take advantage I can manage
Yeah, and she's never ever overdone
Wanna control her, try to hold the sun

Hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl (girl), hot girl, hot girl, hot hot
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot girl
She's a hot hot girl, hot girl, hot girl, hot hot girl
She's a hot girl

Hot hot

Hot hot hot

Hot hot

Hot hot hot

[Snoop Dogg]
Aw yeah
This one goes out to all you motherfuckers out there
That didn't think we could make records that could bang in the club
Ya that's right
All you ladies out there with the big butts
With the long hair, the big titties, the pretty eyes
Report to the dance floor right about now

[Snoop Dogg]
Wiggle it round see'mon down
Doggy-d-o-double's in town
I know you want to get down
So why you lookin' at me like that
Bitch break that shit down
I want to make your kitty cat growl
I want to hit it get it right now
So what you playin' with it for
Back it up slow move it around and dance to the flow
Now put your hands on the floor (c'mon)
See'mon on and gimme some more
It's crazy but baby that maybe we gonna fuck in a man's mercedes
Bitch I ain't that loco
Fuckin' with a broke hoe
Get a nigga smoked tho, no-no, na-na, nae-nae
She got a whole bunch of kids like baby
Listen what the pimper say

[Goldie Loc]
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be

[Mr. Kane]
I slap bitches in the face and give em Jay-Z lips
Make them sign their life off so they can pay me chips
I cut hoes so much I should sell band aids
Give bitches sandwiches with handmade mayonnaise
I put bitches on the stroll hall
Plus I control hoes like remote control suped remote controlled cars
Code blow hoe on 'em like the internet
Got my dick in her neck and ain't even took her to dinner yet
Fuck that I ain't taken her to dinner
I'll bring her to a diner get behind and go up in her
You fuckin' with losers
I'm a winner I'm gone in summer hot in the winter
Fuck hungry I'm ready for dinner HA!
Bitches don't know the low
'Bout to slap your ass off the endo smoke
I'm in the club straight goin' for broke
Sellin' bitches everything even low key dope

[Goldie Loc]
Don't you want to get nasty
I like it when you freak that ass
36-24-36 shaped like an hourglass
You be going all wild up in the club like a chicken with his head cut off
Let me rub up on that clit it feels so nice and soft

[Snoop Dogg]
Coast to coast we do-si-dos
And get your day started like a breakfast toast
Me and my niggas make beats for your strokes
Heat for your tokes, baby tees for your chokes, keys for your notes
Me squeezin' your folks
When they come through
With their noses flarin' out like they be on that coke
Nah we on that dope
Now she want to go cause she want to know
How did we walk through the front door
Your pants down straight VIP
Well when it comes to rap styles, and rap crowns, and mack downs
Just mingle, we straight smack down
We so OG this here gonna be
If you with it you can have a little hit off me
Get nasty, get freaky, get busy o-so-off the hizzy

Dogghouse
Gimme some of that g shit goldie loc
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout
Yeah, check this out y'all, uh huh huh

We got Snoop Dogg in the house tonight, with the homeboy tray-deee
Waniac, trip loc and goldie, 4 tay from the bay, what you say
What you say, huh? (we do this like everyday)

Did ya get the dank, did ya get the dank?
Yeah I got the dank, you got the gas in the tank?
V.I.p. status, don't need an apparatus
'cause the niggas I fuck with, they all about the cabbage
Down in yello' brick road my destination, the dogghouse
Toastin' Remy's, fillin' jimmies, we goin all out
Lookin' for the wizard, creepin' through the fog
Got some bad ass bitches, headed to the player's ball
They gon be strippin' and wigglin' ass
Hope you brought your playa pass
Tray-deee, goldie half dead, the twins blaze sacks
Bigger than big everyday in l.a.
4 tay representin' for the whole damn yea, beeyotch

Dogghouse, turnin' it out, and if you ain't dope you gots to get
The fuck out, that's on the o g d p, (say what)
And that's how it is when you fuckin' with me

Don't matter how you come, use all angles
Ties become tangled when the cutthroat strangles
My hookup, long rangers
Better float like a nationwide sky pager
Them hoes save us, talk about bein' playas
On the real we can deal with you playa' haters
We hit the spot, every city got a block
What you makin' when you take it to a different type of level that it pops
Know the dogg keep the hip rocks, steady bangin'
Hoes steady sangin' from the gang that we claimin'
Yo, it's waniac, the maniac, trip loc won't you spit that rap

Park my shit and jump out, I'm at the homies spot
To see if he floatin' with me up to the dogghouse
Hit the weed he lightin', outside little niggas is fightin'
This bomb, I'm likin'
Holla at my folks I know up in the complex
Nigga ready to ride as soon as he get dressed
Now we ready to roll, hit the store, then the carpool lane
Once again it's on, big chiefin'
Remind me of the noisiest place
Ladies all over the place, and niggas super laced
How we like it, saggin' in my 5 0 1
Killin' my lungs, keepin' these homies and bitches on one

Man I got warrants, bad tax, still sayin' fuck it
Headed up to dogghouse swervin' in a bucket
Puffin on some bomb from my comrade blue
And got my little bitch catch a contact too
House shoes with the blue khaki suit and my locs on
Swoopin' to some soopafly, gettin my smoke on
Nigga goldie loc got the heat on roast it
4 tay on the way plus the twins is posted
Bout to set it off bet it's off the hook
Straight crooks, gettin' money off the books
Makin' nothin' but that gangsta shit that niggas lovin'
Thuggin' at the house party, fuck goin clubbin'

Let me hear you say pimps, banks, hustlers
Let's all get the money then murder these motherfuckers
Cocksuckers, they can't stop us
Now put up your choppers, just in case they rollin' with them coppers
I shut em down, dogg pound for them bitches
I be seein' you with snitches every time I'm hittin' switches
Ice skatin' over ditches
I'm true to the game, plus I'm out to get them riches
I be mobbin' down the road tryin' to bag up my bags
I'm saggin' so hard I'm tearin' up the back of my khakis
I'm tryin' to reach my dogg dirty red
But this hoe won't let me know, which way to go
I'm movin' slow
My chucks only come with a hundred miles of walkin'
Hundred miles of runnin' smellin' funny and I'm gunnin' nigga
Dogg pound gangsta crip for life
And we gon' party in this motherfucker all damn night

[Sisqo]
Hold up
So what you're saying is, oh
(Niggas got me pissed like Lil' Kim)
You want to get freaky again, aright
A-ooh-ah-ooh
Oh, oh, oh, oh

[Lil' Kim]
I've been a lot of places
Seen a lot of faces
Ah hell I even fucked with different races
A white dude his name was John

He had a Queen Bee Rules tattoo on his arm, uh
He asked me if I'd be his date for the prom
And he'd buy me a horse, a Porsche and a farm
Dan my nigga from Down South

Used to like me to spank him and cum in his mouth
And Tony he was Italian (Uh-huh)
And he didn't give a fuck (Uh-huh)
That's what I liked about him

He ate my pussy from dark till the morning
And called his girl up and told her we was boning
Puerto Rican papi, he used to be Deacon
But now he be sucking me off on the weekend

And this black dude I called King Kong
He had a big ass dick and a hurricane tongue

[Sisqo]
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(I've got to know)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)

[Lil' Kim]
This verse goes out to my niggas in jail
Beating their dicks to the double X-L
Magazine, you like how I look in the aqua green?
Get your Vaseline
Grow some weave with some tissue and close your eyes
And imagine your tongue inside my thighs

Baby open up cell block eight
Alright nigga that's enough

Stop, look and listen
Get back to your position
Kim got your dick hard start fights in the yard
I'm hotter than a Pop Tart fresh out of the toaster
Niggas do anything for a Lil' Kim poster
Eses, bloods, Crips, all the thugs up north in the hole
They all want to know

[Sisqo]
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me, ha)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me, oh yeah)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)

[Lil' Kim]
If you driving in the street hold on to your seat
Niggas grab your meat while I ride the beat
And if you see a shiny black Lamborghini fly by ya
(Shoom!)

That's me the nightrider
Dressed in all black with the gat in the lap
Lunatics in the street gotta keep the heat
Sixty on the bezel, a hundred on the rings

Sitting pretty baby with a Cash Money bling
12 AM I'm on the way to club
After three bottles I'll be ready to fuck
Some niggas even put me on their grocery lists

Right next to the whip cream and box of chocolates
Designer pussy, my shit come in flavors
High-class taste niggas got to spend paper
Lick me right the first time or you gotta do it over
Like its rehearsal for a Tootsie commercial

[Sisqo]
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me, ha)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me, oh yeah)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)

How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Tell me)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Let me know, let me know)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh yeah)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Yeah)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Baby tell me)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the?
(Oh, oh, oh)
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of the

Wassup dog?
Wassup my nigga, how you doing dog?
Man, I'm chilling my nigga
How you livin'?
Shit, I'm livin' it up baby
Really, ohh really, shit
It's all great then
I'm glad to see ya, basically
Yeah, yeah
But on the real though dog
How you living though?
Who me? Shit

I got two boys and a wife
I live a luxurious life
And I'm respected in this game
Cause I do's the same
Man, look here
Let me spit you something for a second
Cause I see y'all ain't been peeping out my record
I see ladies, I see players, and I see haters
And all you fools who perpetrate us, I'll get back with ya later
I got a plate of shrimps, laughing with some pimps
Chopping game, while my diamond's swinging
Banking off my gold chain

My time has come
The way it's done
No more being strung
Around just like a bun
My dues are paid
Darkness was paved
Let's go find some shade
Then we've got it made

Money ain't everything dog, but I tell ya
If I didn't have it, i'd be labelled as a felon
So, as long as I breathe, I achieve
Keep god first in my life, I know that's right
And I prevail, whether I do or don't sell
It ain't about that, it's about giving back
We trying to get our live on, while you jib on
Let a homie get his sang on, instead of his bang on

My life's my friends
And it's gonna be here till the end
It brought me a past
Out the hood, so I know it's gonna last
Down by the sea
Is where all the ladies see me
They tried to flash
Be down, but I had to make a dash

He went from a bucket to a benz, from some change to some ends
From his homies in the pen, to his balling friends
You know, flossy, flossin, bossy, bossin, boss
But I paid the cost

I wanna go
As far as I can go
Just not loco though
Japan and even Tokyo

Yeah broadcasting live to your radiostation
This is Snoop Dogg
You know what I'm saying
Yeah giving a shout out
Mr X-to-the-Z-Xzibit
To all the homeboys on Dogghouse Records
Like this

187.4fm on your dial
W-Balls

Yo whats up P
Yeah man these niggas think that I done fell off man
Think my shit done got weak I guess
Shit nigga I been hustlin' grindin' like a motherfucker
I ain't went nowhere know what I mean?
Shit guess I got to let these niggas know who I am
What I stand for and what I'm about huh
You feel me check this out BITCH!!

Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball

I get up early in the mourning and begin my mission
Brush my teeth then I creeps to the kitchen
Cook some bacon and eggs and put some braids in my head
Stash this pound, put the shit down then I head
To the spot that's hot, fuck a fed
I gotta clock this knot ya heard what I said
I'm taking penitentiary  chances, dancing with the devil
I'm in it to win it for No Limit nigga next level
A whole lot of y'all niggas out there walk around dead here take this 
Shovel 
Dig your own grave, your pushing on them pebbles
Stand out there on that corner long enough and watch what happen
Quit yapping about what you ain't got and get cracking now that's what 
Happening
Ain't no body give me shit I took it
Nigga straight now but I started off croocked
Now look at all the shit I been through and I'm 'fen to
Get what I gotta get cause I'm just straight down for this shit
Now

Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball

They say money is the key to end all your woes
That's probably why I love it and cant stand them hoes
I chop trees with G's and take trips over seas
And pack a nine all the time and that's for all my enimies
What y'all thought, I cant get caught
It ain't my motherfucking fault they call mister seasonig salt
I'm bringing Gangsta shit to this No Limit click
I'm way down south in a house and I'm banging this shit
I got gold around my neck that will never ever fade
Rolex watch on my wrist nigga getting paid
That's all I live fo , you dig it
Game is to be sold not to be told that's what my nigga P said can you 
Feel it
What y'all niggas knocking me fo and watching me fo
While your bitch jocking me and clocking this doe
Boy that sound like the old Snoop Dogg, shit I'm trying to get paid
Papered up and trying to ball y'all feel me
Avoiding the snitches and the and the bitches too
And the fake ass snake ass niggas which is you nigga fuck you
I buck you you I stick you I stuck you
I love making that music that y'all niggas say y'all drugs to

Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball
Whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
You like to hustle and ball

Bow-wow
Game recognize game
Now you know how a gangsta gangsta
You how a hustler hustle
And you know how a baller balls
That's what you get when you fucking with Snoop Dogg
Straight up '98 No Limit records
You feel me that's real ha ha yeah
Hustle & Ball That's all we do
All the real hustlers out there gone and give it up
Yeah get your money money get your money
Keep your heat get your money money

[Latoiya Williams]
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture (how I picture)
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I won't do
Cause I believe in you (you)
Oh I believe in you (you)

[Snoop Dogg]
And I believe in you too
See can't nobody make me do what you do
I mean I'm so in love with you (boo)
I never thought a girl could make me
Take me
To a whole new world
Re-shape me, love me, hate me
Lately
We ain't been fussing or fighting
You play all day and I be working at night and
The only one who understands my life and
The cake and the icing
These other girls
In the world
Live their life so trifling
I couldn't do it no more
I had to sit you down
And make you my wife and (yaa)
Cold thing
But you know
It's a cold gain (goal gain)
It's so real
I had to bless you with my last name (last name)
Slowed me down
Straight took me out the fast lane (fast lane)
Hold me down
Come on baby
Watch me do this thing (do it)
I been crowned king
So I guess that means you're my queen
You have my seeds
Lets go ahead and raise this team
It's so special
You're all I ever need

[Latoiya Williams]
I'm feeling good and my baby's home
You're spending time
Holding hands
To this beat
The fellow that can satisfy my every need
Is he the one?
We've been around and we're both grown... (grown)
Look at me... (me)
I'm like a baby
I took that chance
And I feel secure about this love romance
Let's have some fun
And I believe when you say
Ain't that special (oh)
Touch my soul (soul)
Feel the same
When you whisper softly
And call my name
Here I come
It's more than words that I ever could sing
You're that chill bring
Maybe your walk or just the way you do me
I really think we are the two
Cause I believe in you
Take a second realize we can make it if you
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all night long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gonna love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I believe in you

[Snoop Dogg]
And I believe in you too
Cause its the right thing to do
And I believe in you too
Cause its the only thing to do
I couldn't give you away
No matter what my friends sizzay
See when I'm gone
Away from home
I'm alone every dizzay
I left a gang of messages for you
On your two way
But you ain't hollered back
But you know how, you play
You say, OK
I say, no way
We got to be together forever
And a dizzay
Cause I believe in you

[Latoiya Williams]
Take a second realize we can make it if we
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all night long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gone love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I won't do
Cause I believe in you (you)
Oh I believe in you (you)

Hey yo nephew check this out man 
Now I know you got that bad chick right there 
You ain't even tripping off of her 
But she doing all of that for you 
She got this, she got that 
She's off the hizzle 
I mean when you find one like that 
You got to make that change man 
'Cause they don't come too often 
And when they do come 
You gotta be smart enough to know when to change 
Like Sam Cooke say "change gon' come nephew"
And you better believe that 

'Cause I look back on all that I've done to you 
My biggest regrets 
The things that I never could do 
I see the light now baby it's shining through 
Gotta give up the game 
Yeah I got some changin' to do 

I won't get high if you want it 
Get that straight 
Nine to five if you want it 
Keep my ass home at night if you want it 
Whatever you need me to do 

When you talk I'ma listen 
Give you all that attention you missing 
Girl I swear I'ma handle my business 
Just like a real man should do 

(I can change) 
(I can change) you know I can change baby 
(I can change) 
(For you) you know I can stop baby 
(I can change) you know I change baby 
(I can change) 
(I can change) 
(For you) said, you know I can stop baby

Yes, I'll give up all the places I used to go 
Stay out the club 
Stay home because I'm with you 
I'll give up all those girls that I used to know 
They don't compare 
Baby I swear it's the truth (you know it's the truth baby) 

So I'm through with the women 
Yeah that's right 
I give up on the pimpin' 
Girl I'm gonna repent from my sinnin' 
If that's what you want me to do 

I'll get right if you want it 
Go to church 
Get baptized if you want it 
Girl you opened my eyes and I'm gonna 
Be much better for you 

(Baby believe me, baby believe me)

(I can change) you know I can change baby
(I can change) know I can change baby 
(I can change for you) 
(I can change)
(I can change) 
(I can change for you) 

Take me to the river 
And baptize my soul 
I'm so outta control 
Needing someone to hold 
Man it's cold 
I ain't been clubbin', drinkin', or smokin' 
I'm focused bowin' down every night prayin' and hopin' 

I'm trying to figure out a way 
But I just don't know how to say 
But I'm rearrangin' 
Hopefully I'm changin' 
And you can see that 
Baby 'cause it's hard for me 
Kinda sorta odd for me 
But ain't nothing to it 
If you need me to do it 
I guess' 

(I can change)
(I can change)
(I can change for you) 
(I can change)
(I can change)
(I can change for you) 

(I can change)
(I can change)
(I can change for you) 
(I can change)
(I can change)
(I can change for you) 


You know I can stop baby 

(You gotta believe me) gotta believe me baby 
You gotta believe me baby (gotta believe me) 
I'm telling the truth 

(You gotta believe me) believe me  
(You gotta believe me) believe me 
(I'm telling the truth)

This time I mean it 

(Gotta believe me) this time I mean it 
(Gotta believe me)
I'm telling the truth

Gotta believe me, you gotta believe me

[Alien]
I am sir dogg, dpg fuck, and I hate water.
I never learned to swim,
put me down! let go of my leg!
I hate water! I can't swim!

[Snoop]
Now matter where I go, you got'cha eyes on me,
And everybody sittin' around waitin' on me,
Show us how you do it uncle snoopy,
So fluid wit' your technique, y'all niggas gon' respect me,
Man, I been doin' dis' shit before I even learned how to crawl though,
Gettin' interviewed by motherfuckers like geraldo,
And niggas wanna know if I smoke newports or marlboros?
Man, I'm fuckin' wit' dat real shit, nigga can you feel dis'?
I make that shit for the realest of millions,
While I'm wheelin' and dealin' and feelin the feelin',
And oh what a relief it is,
That snoop is back in dis motherfucker handlin' his biz,
Takin' care of his kids and makin' hits, oh shit,
There it is again, you never know if your career might flop, fizz
So, stay on your toes and keep a pair wit'cha foes,
And keep a set of new hoes and floatin' and tie da bow,
Fuck these niggaz and peep out whitey ro,
Somebody told? well then, somebody gettin' rolled on,
And that's usually how the scenario rolls on,
Baby girl said she wanna keep her clothes on,
She either fuckin' gettin' stole on or gotta stroll home,
Well number one, keep your hand on your gun,
And don't (don't) trust (trust) anyone (anyone, one, one)

Oh, you can't trust nobody baby, you can't even trust your own mama!
This is snoopy collins, trust no one, especially a bitch
Or even a bitch-ass nigga, yo ha!

T-r-u-s-t in me, I'm sexy but I'm pussy,
The homies in the hood call me lil' bo peep,
And you da type a nigga I been dyin' ta meet,
So snoopy, what'chu tryin' to do?
Now hold on lil' mama, ain't no reason for me to lie to you,
Now what I'm tryin' to do, and what I'm goin' do,
Is hit this bud, I got a wife at home,
Bitch I ain't lookin' for none, you might got kids for cause, or down wit' bud
Pushin' them dubs, look here cause,
Lemme tell you how it's goin' be
If I was broke loc, these bitches wouldn't want me
I'm tellin' you the good-god truth, you want proof?
Ask them hoes over there, "y'all wanna fuck snoop?" (yeah!)
We'll take the money and the game away,
I bet they won't say the same that day,
But it's okay, cause I don't trip,
Cause "bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks",
I thought I told you, bitch I'm a soulja,
East side, long beach, gang-bang roller,
From the solar, cause this, is it,
Can ya dig it? (i can dig it!)
Jelly roll pulled a rabbit out his hat,
I pull a strap out my motherfucking back, cause I know it's like dat,
I'm in a meetin' wit' these white folks talkin' bread,
They want a contract on a nigga till' I'm dead,
If I don't sign they gon' turn me over to the feds,
They struck me out, now I'm pinch-hittin' for the reds,
But I'm a dodger blue, so I gotta keep it true,
I gotta home-run, nigga we long gone,
I'm realizin', justizin', visualizin',
Rip-ridin', put mines in,
Takin' this game to the next level,
Trustin' no one, especially them red devils,
Keep ya head level, hand on my get-up,
Stay on the red-up, pimpin' ain't easy, but there's a whole lot of fed-up,
And like I told you from the get-go, don't trust no one (no one, no one),
And like I told you from the gettin', don't trust no one

[Alien]
Oh no! you did it again! put me down!
I hate water, I can't swim! I never learned to swim!
I shouldn't have trusted you! I put all of my trust in you!
And you took me to the water, oh no!

Yeah, big Snoop Dogg
(Snoop Dogg)
Devin The Dude
A lil' sumn for the
(Something for the bitchez)

For the who?
(For the bitches)
For the bitches, yeah
Oh, in case you don't know

A yo, Devin
(Aha?)
Sing it to 'em nephew, come on
(Aight, let me do it something like this)

I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no
I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no

I don't chase bitches, I let these bitches chase me
They pop up at my shows, they know everywhere I be
Like big Snoop, we got all your CDs

And we'll do anything if you put us on your team
Well aight bitch, I sell a ho a quick dream
Then back on the road so fresh so clean
Pimps up hoes down, nigga that's the theme

And when they choose up, they get broke for everything
I ain't mad at 'em, they just wanna be seen
Flossin' witta boss a picture in the magazine
(Cheese)
The bitches all scream chasing down my limousine

And when I hit the hotel, they waiting at the wind
My down South southern bitches out in New Orleans
I can't forget my Texas bitches faded off that lean
I don't chase bitches, these bitches chase me
For my playa partner rest in peace Pimp C

I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no
I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no

It's like a 9 to 5 but I be high
I'm like the captain and my partner Curtis bout to come by
And beam me up, you don't see me much
'Cause I be in top this better believe ho when up in ya

Sluts don't get much, freaks I make 'em geek
Like dope fiends on this pipe, yep this meat
Hoes they want clothes and shit, expectin' me to unfold it
Oh no, no bitch

Off to work, I go to the studio or another show
Some people spend dough just to see a brother flow
So blessings I gotta get 'em and grind all the time
A piece of pussy be the furthest from my mind

Sometimes when I be traveling, niggas be asking me
Where are my bitches like I brought 'em all with me?
And some niggas be asking, can they go find me a bitch
But I have to dodge mo' pussy than they'll ever get, shit

I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no
I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no

She keeps on taxing me
She won't stop calling me, oh no, no
This ho keeps stalking me
That bitch won't leave me alone, oh no, no

I told this bitch that I was cool on it but she just wouldn't listen
And now she tryin' to blame me for her current condition
Hey bitch I ain't even trippin', I told you I'm into pimpin'
See I'm a hustle boy, baby and I don't chase bitches

All I do is check hoes in every city I visit
And put they number in my phone and later on I hit it
Bitch jock from a distance, quit burnin' my minutes
Either you comin' through or not, it don't make me no difference

I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no
I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no

I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no
I don't chase bitches, bitches chase me
I don't need to chase a ho, no no

Have I told you lately that I love you?
Well, if I didn't darling, I'm sorry
Did I reach out and hold you in my loving arms
Oh, when you needed me?
Now I realize that you need love, too
And I'll spend my life making love to you

Oh, I forgot to be your lover 
And I'm sorry, I'm so sorry

Have I taken the time to share with you
All the burden that love will fare?
And have I done the little simple things to show you
Just how much I care?
Oh, I've been workin' for you, doin' all I can
To work all the time didn't make me a man

Oh, I forgot to be your lover 
And I'm sorry, I'll make it up to you somehow, baby
I forgot to be your lover
Gonna make it up to you somehow
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, baby
I forgot to be your lover
If you forgive me, I'll make it up to you
I'm only a man, and I forgot to be ....

I know I ain't supposed to smoke in here 
But Mr. Bouncer man don't put your motherfuckin' hands on me
Can I get high without you botherin' me?
Everybody you see in here tonight 
Doin' the same thing so why you keep playa hatin' on me
Can I get high without you botherin' me?

[Chorus: x2]
La la la la. I be smokin'
It hitten me right I'll be loakin'
Them bullshit trees you be rollin'
Barely give you a buzz, me I get high

I admit I got a problem, I keep comin' back for these
Dodo bags there not your yak or your sack o' seeds
I chill sit back on the sofa and relax my knees
And roll one up loose enough to make the backwards breathe
I blow a heavy load, you kids attract some G's.
Cause I'm a smoker, too much o' this would choke ya'
I don't mean to provoke ya, but I'm a bad influence
The musician can't operate without his instruments
My recent success gradually got your bitch convinced
Haters mad they can't look inside cause I pitched the tints
I enter the club with baggies of that chocolate
Second-hand smoke will make a nigga wanna start shit.
Sometimes I wonder where the niggas from the start went
Raise up a lighter and fuck up the whole apartment.
It's just one of the things I do in my spare time
My bad habits ain't private so I'm gon' share mine.

[Chorus: x2]

See they put their hands out cause of the way shit been
I say you niggas ain't smokin' if you don't chip in.
Listen. I waited long for these rocks to glisten
From that one-room pad without a pot to piss in
Although betrayal is not forgiven
I do this for my niggas locked up that's comin' home to lobster livin'
Hopin' the cops forbiddin'
I'm bout to buy momma her own mansion
Just so I could see her pop the ribbon.
That Cali bud's special, so special I held the blunt so long
Snoop had to tell me "Pass the weed, Nephew"
Fuck rap I'm the wrong one to get pissed off
Cause the pope'll make you jump like criss cross.
My nigga dead and it's hard to let go,
So I'm blowin' on that wet dough, same color as Gecko
Follow hood codes and everybody in the Sentinel
We gas 'em Fuck 'em and Pass 'em what you expect hoe?

[Chorus: x2]

Said you want to blow with the best of them
Yes yes I bested them
Blazed up the purple palm tree
I told you don't mess with them
I warned them new testament
Do you wanna smoke with me? (do you wanna)

Weed rollin', G-strollin', bad-mouthin', mofucker
Law breakin' Pimp, slappin niggas for the fuck of it
Hip-hop an zip lock an rip rockin' gang banger
Thought you was an actor, thought I was a singer
Thought about ridin' but you say you wanna hang tough
D-P-G-Unit sounds like danger
You might wanna manage your anger
Hang with us and stop smokin' on the same stuff
Now lay back on the loft
This new weed that I got I call it face-off
Cause it'll blow your face off and that's a figure of speech,
My niggas a beast, on me from the west to the east, preach

[Chorus: x2]

Sha da da

I knew that, I knew that
You were lookin' at me
That's when the blood start rushing
I knew that, I knew that
You would leave your spot when you got hot
And you're goin' again
I love when you seein' she's goin' to the bathroom
Got 5 minutes to exchange them buds
No I'm not callin' you, what's your sign
I know your name, it must be under cover

Went out tonight, I think of my life
I'm sick and tired of rouge, yea
Then, threw caution to the wind cause F it, who cares
So tonight I'm gon' be

Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh
Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh

I knew that, I knew that
You were lookin' at me
That's when the blood start rushing
I knew that, I knew that
You would leave your spot when you got hot
And you're goin' again
I love when you seein' she's goin' to the bathroom
Got 5 minutes to exchange them buds
No I'm not callin' you, what's your sign
I know your name, it must be under cover

Thinkin' to myself if I was a freaky deak
What's crackin' homie?
Ain't you ain't gonna see me in this club next week, no
So tonight' I'm gon' be

Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh
Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh

I knew that, I knew that
You were lookin' at me
That's when the blood start rushing
I knew that, I knew that
You would leave your spot when you got hot
And you're goin' again
I love when you seein' she's goin' to the bathroom
Got 5 minutes to exchange them buds
No I'm not callin' you, what's your sign
I know your name, it must be under cover

I'm hoping that you rest and you don't need to sleep
Don't be slacking homie
Grab me by the proof so I don't miss a beat
Baby, so tonight I'm gon' be

Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh
Riding on your, riding on your
Riding on your wave girl
And I feel like, ooh

I knew that, I knew that
You were lookin' at me
That's when the blood start rushing
I knew that, I knew that
You would leave your spot when you got hot
And you're goin' again
I love when you seein' she's goin' to the bathroom
Got 5 minutes to exchange them buds
No I'm not callin' you, what's your sign
I know your name, it must be under cover

Boys and girls, wanna hear a true story?
Saturday night was at this real wild party
There was liquor overflowin' the cup,
About 5 or 6 strippers trying to work for a buck.
So I took one girl outside with me,
Her name was Londy, she went to Junior High with me,
I said, "Why you up in there dancing for cash?
I guess a whole lot's changed since I seen you last."
She said,

What would you do if your son was at home
Crying all alone
On the bedroom floor,
'Cause he's hungry and the only way to feed him is to
Sleep with a man for a little bit of money?
And his daddy's gone in and out of lock down,
I ain't got a job now,
He's just smokin' rock now,
So for you this is just a good time
But for me this is what I call life

Girl, you ain't the only one to have a baby,
That's no excuse to be living all crazy
So she stared me right square in the eye
And said, "Everyday I wake up, hoping to die"
She said, "They're gonna know about pain
'Cause me and my sister ran away,
So our daddy couldn't rape us,
Before I was a teenager
I done been through more shit
You can't even relate to"

What would you do if your son was at home
Crying all alone
On the bedroom floor,
'Cause he's hungry and the only way to feed him is to
Sleep with a man for a little bit of money?
And his daddy's gone in and out of lock down,
I ain't got a job now,
He's just smokin' rock now,
So for you this is just a good time
But for me this is what I call life

What would you do?
Get up off my feet and stop making tired excuses
What would you do?
Get up off my feet and stop making tired excuses
What would you do?
Get up off my feet and stop making tired excuses
What would you do?
Get up off my feet!

What would you do if your son was at home
Crying all alone
On the bedroom floor,
'Cause he's hungry and the only way to feed him is to
Sleep with a man for a little bit of money?
And his daddy's gone in and out of lock down,
I ain't got a job now,
He's just smokin' rock now,
So for you this is just a good time
But for me this is what I call life

What would you do if your son was at home
Crying all alone
On the bedroom floor,
'Cause he's hungry and the only way to feed him is to
Sleep with a man for a little bit of money?
And his daddy's gone in and out of lock down,
I ain't got a job now,
He's just smokin' rock now,
So for you this is just a good time
But for me this is what I call life

What would you do if your son was at home
Crying all alone
On the bedroom floor,
'Cause he's hungry

Momma, momma
I love my momma
I love my momma!
Through all the drama,
Momma, momma
I love my momma
Check it out

The first one to hold me (yeah)
The first one to scold me (yes-o)
You never cease to teach me
And always try to reach me (momma)
Took me to school the first day
Taught me how to kneel, down and pray (amen)
You learned me how to count from one to ten
And never forget, where I've been
Momma

Yeah, I love my momma
Through all the drama, I love my momma (I love my momma)
Through all the drama, I love my momma
Yeah, I love my momma, love you momma (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you mom (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love you momma, yeah, I love you momma
(listen here) Trip

You taught me how to care
You taught me how to share (f'real)
You taught me how to love and to give
thanks to the one above, I love you momma

Yeah, I love my momma
I love you momma, I love my momma, I love you momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (now you tell em Snoop)

You taught me how to read and write, how to fight
My do's and don't's, my wills and my won't's
I'll never forget, the things that we went through
Banging oldies in the living room, sipping brew
Schlitz Malt Liquor was the thing back then
My momma was my homie my daddy, and my best friend
Ask the Twinz, them my lil locos to the end
And Warren G and Nate Dogg, shit them my true friends
Time and time again, I'ma spit this rhyme again
She the queen in my life, and I'ma make sure she gon' shine again
She taught me everything, but she didn't charge a fee
She taught me everything, except how to see a G
For the nine months you carried, I hope you bury me
instead of the other way around, and I put that on Dogg Pound
I made you cry, you made me smile
I just want to say I love you for life
and that's the reason why I'm here now
Love, Snoop

I love my momma, yeah,
I love my momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love my momma (I love you momma)
Through all the drama, yeah, yo, yeah, I love you (I love you)
Momma, momma, momma, momma, I love my momma
Momma, I love you momma
I love you momma
Momma, momma

Your money wasn't always long (fo' sho')
But your heart was forever strong (momma, momma)
You taught me bout faith and hope
And never ever get hooked on dope
Momma (I love you, I love you momma)
I love you momma (thought all the drama, I love my momma)

Eastsiders come out and play
Eastsiders come out and play

Eastside!one five, two coughone
Two oh, one eastside one five
Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
We finna show you motherfuckers what's happenin
Tray Dee

Comin in front and center state ya name and game
Yeah them eastsiders back and we came to bang (eastside)
Givin it up, pistols and chucks, rags hangin
Strictly insane and we do the damn thang

It's the big bad eastsider rollin'
Now how many blocks we controllin'
Two 0, two one, one five seventeen and eleven
One nine and a muthafuckin dime

Murder block to the swamp front of grandmama house
They don't sleep, well freak off brand knock em out
Stay deep, bring heat make streets emorge
Young Gs, Lil Gs, casualties and war

So we push the turf steady pushin' work
Niggas love seein' thugs so we look for dirt
Where the shit don't stop and them six fours hop
If ya just get socked, don't trip gettin' dropped

All black wit a little bit of gold
Now lemme show you motherfuckers how the eastside roll
Footin' to the metal, every hand on stiletto
Extra clip when we book out, peace we long ghetto

I'm about to make the shit crack
We got straps in this bitch I got somethin' on fat
Tellin' you motherfuckers, "Damn!"
It ain't no thang when you bang wit the Dogg Pound (Dogg Pound)

(I love it!) The way the homies come through all blue nigga what y'all want to do?
(I luv it!) We got hos to the left, platinum on our chest nigga yup yup
(I luv it!) Can't stop, won't stop, so what that L.B.C. like
(I luv it!) We do the damn thang all night, better yet fo' life

I luv it! We keepin that shit G
'Cause that's all I see
I luv it!

We always gon' roll, and stay way too deep
Tray Dee, Gol-die, Snoop, ducez 'n trayz
Still give it to that ass the old fashion way
From the LB city, where them shells leave many
Wannabes on they knees, tryna beef wit a gizze

Aye loc, I represent till the shit don't stop
Fuck them paramedics and them crooked ass cops
Its hard to maintain on the front line
Check this out 'cause, I gotta get mine

Low ridahs, eastsidaz comin wit that G shit
People want some of this?
Hell naw trick
I'm keepin' that shit gangsta
Yeah, see-walkin' on you pranksters, nigga

We don't really give a mad fuck nigga what
Gettin' mad stuck, catch you comin' out the cut
Hoo ridin', G ridin' fuck the law
Better hope you on my side once I clutch and draw
My reactions, attractions, fast and all actions
Till I die east the side, I stay smashin'
Represent this like its meant to see
To the graveyard or the penitentiary

[Chorus]

[Repeat: x12]
Zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom

I am Sir Dogg
D-P-G funk
And I am crip
I never learned to crip

Oh no! Put me down
Let go of my legs
I'll never see-walk
Do the time of life

You have the time of your life
Hey ha!

Oh yeah, what's Crip-a-lat'n baby?
Eastsidaz, "Duces 'N Trayz - The Old Fashioned Way"
Somethin' uh, to make you move, groove, and definitely sets the mood
Its so uh gangsta, its so uh prankster

Its the hoodie hoodie, goodie goodie
To lick ya boogie oggie oggie
Can ya dig what I'm talkin bout
I smell ya Battle Cat
Now that's funky, that's so funky, I have to say uh!

[Repeat: x4]
Eastsiders come back

[Snoop]
This one right here is dedicated to a lot of famous players out there
That might have been in love before
I know some of you might not think gangstas fall in love (I miss that bitch)
But uh, it's true
If you been in love like I been in love before, you know
It's hard to get with somebody once they gone (I miss that bitch)
It's hard to replace that special someone
When they just up and you know
Dip dive and so socialize
And what we gon do right here (I miss that bitch)
We goin' kick something over this HiTek beat right here
For all the players that lost somebody special
And wonder where she at
E. White kick that shit (I miss that bitch)

[E. White]
I got my eyes wide open
The whole time I'm holding on to hope with you on my mind
It's been a while child, I'm getting down with Dogg
I bet my name all around your wall
Perhaps I went to jail
That left us out of touch
Shoulda shot some mail or something
Ain't no telling where she at now
I be God damn
Baby I really want to see what you got now
I'm all grown up with my shit together
I don't know if I'mma see you ever
I got a woman and shit,but I must admit this
You at the top of my list
Unforgetable
Fuck with them nigga do
I still miss, there ain't no getting rid of you
But in the mean time I'mma get with cha
Until I get somebody with your hook up Imma hit ya

[Chorus]
I miss that bitch
She was a pot of gold
Her body was cold
I don't know where you went
Where did you go (I miss that bitch)
Shopping around looking around
I'm try to see
Where could you be
How could you do this to me (I miss that bitch)

[Snoop]
My momma got mad 
I was young when I hooked up with her
One hit and I couldn't stop trippin
A long lasting relationship 
Pass you around, and let my niggas take a hit
I used to break you down just to roll you up
You the real, you never will slow me up
And you was always on my mind
Say no more
I still miss you at times
All of a sudden you lost my interest
I packed it up and set about my business
You used to have a hold on me
Sometimes to the point that they said you controlled me
I kept going to jail and all that
Get out, fuck with you again, I'm right back
I guess I had to learn the hard way baby
I'm leaving you alone cause you driving me crazy (I miss that bitch)

[Chorus]

Ohhhhh
Mary, mary, mary
Quite contrary
Ohhhhh
Every time I think about that girl
Make a nigga want to have a wet dream
Release some steam
ohhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh
I miss that bitch

Step inta the party as I bust a ho
I'll lean up on the wall until I'm ready to go
I'm sippin on some juice with a twist of Mo
Comfortable, smokin' some dope
The bitch that I'm wit is so flexible
From Mexico, man I like this ho
The homey little Tony told me a long time ago
"Hey Dogg sit there and smoke and grind the ho"
But you know me I don't dance too much
Unless that shit OD like the party's at the Hutch
What? what? remember double dutch
Ow, the bubble butch
All up in the party swangin' E's and C's
Wit a car full a heat, hope you want my beats
I came to the party dog by myself
Twenty out a twenty-one I'll leave wit somebody else
It's somethin about the way I rock a fuckin mic
Big Snoop Dogg what that Crip like
My nigga Fred Wreck with a G in the seat (ya know)
To make it complete (uh huh), cookin the beat (woo)
Takin' it back down Parliament Street
Look at this shit so funky, funky, coka, loca, ropa, dopa
Hit 'em with a smoka, pick a place to dope up

I pledge allegiance to the House for which it stands
We got some ghetto ass niggaz, makin' ghetto jams
OH what I'm feelin' is that in my Cali ways
So roll some dope, (oww) and go ahead and blaze

God damn Loc here we go again
Steppin in this bitch to show these niggaz how I did
Dogghouse done brought out this gangsta shit
And point blank, can't nobody fade my clip
Don't even thank the trick
You know what we ain't inta hatin
But anythin you tryin' to brang we ain't inta takin
Can't you tell these outfits cost a fortune
Security stay alert to use enforcement
Ass cheeks pass me, I grabbed 'em hips
Dancin through the crowd to a badder bitch
The gas was quick, but not for mack I spit
I stopped at Iceland and got this platinum dick
You can't attract a bitch, my game accurate
You wanna laugh and trip, I'm out to crack the whip
I ho that's fast and thick, and ain't gonna ask me shit
Get a blasted lip, and she attacked the dick
Yeah bitch

We gon' bust and we gon' rip ride
Walk on to, to the other side
The most ignorant ass niggaz in the game
Tray Deee, Goldie Loc, Big Snoop and Kokane
I'm come all night pickin up these freaks
Fuckin hoes make these bitch niggaz buckle
Dogghouse we unstoppable
Uh, don't worry bout it, Crips control the mic

I pledge allegiance to the House for which it stands
We got some ghetto ass niggaz, makin' ghetto jams
OH what I'm feelin' is that in my Cali ways
So roll some dope, (oww) and go ahead and blaze

I stepped in the party wit some blue and white Stacy's
Right side Kacey, left side Tracy
I'm feelin' like the shit, as I slide through grinnin
Dogghouse nigga don't you know we winnin
Left side gangsta, right side busta
Say the wrong thang and get shot motherfucker
When snitches get popped, the hood gettin' hot
Ain't no cops around town, they afraid of gettin shot
Keep it on the low low, fuck that gang bang
Slang 'caine, anythang for my paper mayn
It's easy to see (what) that I'm a motherfuckin ghetto ass G, can't fuck wit me
Do it do it, loco 'til your casket drop
I'm a do it cause the Crip pop don't stop
You think you can see me, I know you motherfuckers wanna be me
Light it up, blaze it up, ain't no need for chokin
If I had anotha blunt wrap I'd be smokin
Locin waitin on Wreck to get back
When he get back perhaps I'm blazin up a sack
So relax, that's snaps ain't right, it's all good
I got your back next time you dippin through the hood
Just make sure what you got insured is fine
You already know I got my money on my mind, nigga

Fuckin wit these niggaz ain't the way to go
Comin from the Eastside we so rep the boss
Checkin for your bitches, now we're fuckin ya ho
Dogghouse fo sho, we untouchable
Niggaz who ain't wit it, betta duck and roll
Bitches know we comin and they lose control
Stepped up in the party and they rushed the door
Dogghouse fo sho, we untouchable

I find it very, very easy to be true
I find myself alone when each day is through
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
Because you're mine, I walk the line

As sure as night is dark and day is light
I keep you on my mind both day and night
And happiness I've known proves that it's right
Because you're mine, I walk the line

You've got a way to keep me on your side
You give me cause for love that I can't hide
For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide
Because you're mine, I walk the line

I keep a close watch on this heart of mine
I keep my eyes wide open all the time
I keep the ends out for the tie that binds
Because you're mine, I walk the line

Because you're mine, I walk the line
Because you're mine, I walk the line

[Akon] 
Convict
Music
And you know we up front.

[Chorus: Akon]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole,
I know you see me lookin' at you and you already know
I wanna fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, you already know

[Snoop Dogg]
Money in the air as more feel grab you by your coat tail take you to the motel, hoe sale,
Don't tell, won't tell, baby said I don't talk Dogg but she told on me, oh well,
Take a picture with me, what the flick gonna do, baby stick to me & I'ma stick on you,
If you pick me then I'ma pick on you, d-o-double g and I'm here to put this dick on you,
I'm stuck on pussy and yours is right, wrip riding them poles and them doors is tight
And I'ma get me a shot for the end of the night cause pussy is pussy and baby you're pussy for life.

[Chorus]

[Akon]
Shorty I can see you ain't lonely handful of niggas and they all got cheese,
So you looking at me now what's it gonna be just another tease far as I can see,
Trying get you up out this club if it means spendin' a couple dubs,
Throwing bout 30 stacks in the back make it rain like that cause I'm far from a scrub,
You know my pedigree, ex-dealer use to move phetamines,
Girl I spend money like it don't mean nothing and besides I got a thing for you.

[Chorus]

[Snoop Dogg]
Mobbin' through club in low pressing I'm sitting in the back in the smokers section (just smoking),
Birds eye, I got a clear view, you cant see me but I can see you (baby I see you),
It's cool we jet the mood is set,
Your pussy is wet you rubbing your back and touching your neck,
Your body is movin' you humpin' and jumpin' your titties is bouncin' you smilin' and grinin' and looking at me.

[Akon]
Girl and while you're looking at me 
I'm ready to hit the caddy right up on the patio move the patty to the caddy,
Baby you got a phatty the type 
I like to marry wanting to just give you everything and that's kinda scary,
Cause I'm loving the way you shake your ass, bouncin', got me tippin' my glass,
Normally don't get caught up too fast but I got a thing for you.

[Chorus: x2]

(Phone Rings)

[Silkk/(Female 1)]
Hello
(Hello, Hey wassup)
I'm just chillin Wassup wit you
(Nothin I just was callin to see what you was doing
cus you know i have 2 tickets to the game and i wanted to see did you want 
to go)
Well I'm in the studio right now working on this song nahmean?
(Oh forreal well go head do your thang)
A'ight that's my people on the other line
I'm gonna talk you later a'ight

[Silkk/(Female 2)]
Hello
(Hey where you at)
at the studio
(Man you and that studio make me sick)
Man you trippin
(You need to come home)
FOR WHAT!!
(Cuss i need to go shopping)
Aight i'm gonna come home right now a'ight
(Naw Naw forget it just stay where you at and when
you do decide 2 come home bring me a ring or something )
I might change this bullshit man bye man

[O'Dell]
Chorus
Girl I think i want to be with you
But it's something that I just can't do
I want to be faithful
See that's just me what i'm going through
I know i ought to be with you
know i need you but i can't keep you
I got to maintain my cool
Maybe i'm a fool
Can't keep you

[Silkk The Shocker]
Yo Yo Yo I never was the type to stress
Get It off my chest
y'all can deal
if y'all was real
y'all can fill in the rest
we both say yes
guess we were both like phony
jumped in too quick
ideally cus we both was lonely
we go 2 stores and you never peek at the price
Treat you right had a bad day i just greet you with ice
you know Silkk The Shocker hang with the thugs and the dealers
wasn't the realest Never the type to get in to expressing my feelings
I ain't gon lie It wasn't all bad
Some was good
matter fact it was all that'
Sometimes i feel like we just didn't match
Found a friend
But only friend till then you alwayz came first
Never type to creep Alwayz tried to make things work
What What

Chorus

[Silkk The Shocker]
I want to be with you but i can't hope you understand and all
Tried to make this thang work
Got knocked you'll be the first person i call
Now with you can be myself
with her it's like i'm living a lie
I do everything for her it seems like she never satisfied
If i give her 3 karats then she probably want four
If I want to go places then she probably just don't want to go
Now sometimes I feel like we settled
in the back of our minds
we all feel like we can find something better
Now with you it' like you know me
Like her she really don't understand me
I know I live the way I live
But she's all for changing me
I don't care for girl with no money
When I come home I ain't tryin to cuss
Am I asking for much?
But I can't sit here and pretend
I don't care
To have both y'all along
That wouldn't be fair
So if it's a puzzle
I think I maybe just missing a clue
Leave or Stay?
God tell me what's a nigga to do
What What What

Chorus till fade

[Technique] 
By dawn's early light 
I shine brighter than the stars in the night 
And 'bout ready for a fight 
Come noon, I've consumed enough juice 
To cut loose and throw a mic to the moon 
Since I'm the sun, I'll make you one, it's all for fun 
I'm torching hot and all the same 
From playing war games with Saddam Hussein 
Now who's sane? I'm insane, my membrane's on cold-grown 
The tempature's rising, to fry the cells in your dome 
It might be on, and if you think so, you know me 
It's Tech Caponey, the Doggfather's little homey 
[Snoop Doggy Dogg] 
Ain't that somethin', how I got little homeys now? 
I remember when I was just a little bow-wow 
Writing for my rep, calling 'fore I step 
Now I put niggas in the game just to stay on deck 
High profile, but my style low-pro 
Top dogg on the Row, Doggystyle C.E.O. 
And I blow the best indo, that you know of 
So when I'm in your town, dip down, and show love 
You know what? What's up? Shit, I'm feeling good now 
You better come and get me 'fore I fall into a freestyle 
[Technique] 
They say, what's a rapper? Well nigga, what's an emcee? 
If they don't got the skills, then they don't roll with me 
Ain't that the truth?, I'm bulletproof off the roof 
I got a mic and a fix, that'll jack you for your tooth 
I'm out for rep, but how long will it last? 
I'm coming up quick, cause broke niggas need cash 
At last, I'm at the top, so I maintain now 
Gotta bang now, nigga this Doggystyle 
[Snoop Doggy Dogg] 
All she ever wanted was a small time, love thang 
Got my homey caught up in the dope game, coke game 
He so sprung, on top of that he young 
He's only thirteen years old, and the world's so cold 
He never took the time-out to fall down on his knees 
Until he fucked his G, got some keys, now they's enemies 
The niggas he grew up with, they put him in the game 
Now they 'bout to take him out the game 
Man it's a shame, but you know how that shit go 
That's life in the fast lane, that's why I roll ?? 
[Chorus]: Kurupt,(Snoop),  
I'd rather not get shot 
I'd rather sit in the studio and rock spots 
Dogg Pound, Doggystyle, we're one big family, it's all DPG (DPG) 
I got a G on the best bomb money can buy 
I ain't out for no homicides, I'm out to survive 
Dogg Pound, Doggystyle, one big family, it's all DPG (DPG) 
[Technique] 
(Niggas) Niggas and hoes will try to get you twisted 
But I'm unlisted in the books 
You base your life on that, you might get your life took, BLAOW! 
Put me in the game, I'm riding hard 'til I win 
Serve a crew, kill a few niggas, 'til the end 
I mean, I'm a fiend for superior green 
And all my life I got advice from a superior team 
I gotta stay away from the casket 
Don't get blasted, and tell my kids how I lasted 
But my crew's mafioso, so my philoso- 
Phy is to G to the day that I d-i-e  
[Snoop Doggy Dogg] 
Snoop Dogg, smooth and imperial 
Wake up every morning to my Lucky Charms cerials 
Time's getting drastic, man I'm a flas it 
Dogg Pound Gangstas' choking off that boombastic 
Have you ever heard? 
I'm loose, shook the feds, like the juice, Snoop Dogg is 121st proof 
Fool, you's a deuce, Deuce is some Genuine Draft 
I'm a genuwine, like ??, and all about cash, cash, 
Cash, I got some free, so indeed I gets the lighter for the hash 
Has it ever been a time when you didn't have a dime 
To your name, and the only way to gain is through crime? 
Sometimes I used to pack, one time I got jacked by some sacs 
But you know I got mine, you know about the Don Corleone 
I'm-a survive and thank God for Lil' Spanky B. and Bone 
[Chorus]: Kurupt,(Snoop),

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah man, this is another 9 inch dick classic
We want to dedicate this one, to all the fellas
Who got a hard head bitch, who just won't listen
Why'know? The best thing to do, is leave her
Don't hit her, shake that ho (bitch I'm gone!)

[Chorus: Soopafly]
Bitch I'm gone, I can't take it no mo'
I can't get through to you
There's nothing I can say that you seem to understand
Bitch I'm gone, I'm out oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm through witchu
Oh I'm through witchu, yeah

[Soopafly]
I knew that you, was a ho back then
And bitch you're still one now
Ya like to bust, nuts in your face
But with that big-ass mouth
You need to shut the fuck up, you talk too much
I told you once before, yeah
That pimping don't, like to tell you twice
So I'm walking out that door

[Chorus]

[Soopafly]
(Bitch I'm gone) Bitch I'm through witchu
I'm through witchu, cause I refuse to lose
I can't be locked in your world
(Bitch I'm gone) I need to breath, I got to roll
(I'm through witchu) Ain't no way
I can stay another day witchu

Bye bye bitch, and wit all the other pussy, yeah
A nigga got besides yo' big head good and butt fo' ugly kids
Still living with ya grandmama bucking mouth ass
You should of known, you was fucking with a mack (MACK)
Instead of stepping your game up, you got pushed way to the back
(Step off, step on back)
I seen yo' expression, when you seen me pimping in the club
It looked like, it looked like you wanted to break down, down and cry
But I just didn't give a damn, I didn't give a damn, no no I didn't
Cause bitches ain't shit, anyway, so don't even ask me why

[Soopafly]
Bitch I'm gone, I'm I'm gone haha, yes I am, I got to get ta
I can't get through to you
Got to get ta, got to get ta hell outta here, oh yeah
Bitch I'm gone, oh bitch a, I got too many bitches, anyway
I'm through wit'chu
To be, fooling witchu, ugly, ugly, ugly ass

Oh, break it down (break it down)
Oh we got to break it down (break it down, break it down)
Whoa, aw yeah yeah yeah yeah

Hey hey hey, what's up baby?
Come on in, sit down, what'chu got, what'chu got there?
Why'now, I seen you today baby, you know what?
Just sit the fuck down bitch!
I ain't playing no God damn game wit'chu right now bitch
You know what I mean? There's a lot of time and effort up in this shit, You know what I mean?
Want to tell you a lil' something like this bitch
I got everything, you don't have nothing
Bitch, I ain't believing a motherfucking word you say bitch
Get yo' shit, and get the fuck outta here
Even though it's yo' motherfucking house, get the fuck up outta here
You know what? I'm leaving this motherfucker
Got a fo' bedroom upstairs, I'm moving your sister in bitch

[Chorus]

And I gotta protective order against yo' punk bitch-ass
So we goin' partying all night long
And your sister a twin so the bitch is the same bitch
I'm out

Aw, my car is parked right outside
I got a full tank of gas, and away I go

[Snoop] 
Bye bye

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running
Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

You ain't listenin'
So you can talk to me, don't listen to him
A body like that ain't hard to feed, cause girl I'll eat you up
All in a couple of seconds, girl I'll eat you up
It's when you realize you're in Heaven like how'd you get there?
Baby what you doin' in this chair? Couldn't let you sit there
You need help, somebody should get there
You see girl, time is like money, both of which men loathe
Spend them both with me and then for sure you'll know

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

She's impressed by a fat boy
Cadillac, weed, pistol on his lap, boy
Home run hitter, thought I was a batboy
Search warrant for the crib, you better get a map for it
Paid for, meanin' I ain't gotta rap for it
She a alley oop, I tap it off the backboard
Hustlin', baby what you lookin' for? Just ask for it
Blue Ferrari, I'm the envy of the task force
Impeccable suits, as I run with my dogs
Pinkie rings and things that come with my wonderful job
Dog pound niggas, and we came to fight
I was several million up before it came to light
Now they callin' me the truest one to ever do it
Status symbol for the pimps, now enjoy the music
Smoked out like a player and you know the name
Break a bitch quick, really, biggest in the game

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
Cause I'm your dog
Baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running
Baby, I come running

I got Rottweiler in tube sock
Pitbull lock on your neck, kiss it and you'll die
Boxer you take mine off then hallelujah
Shando, count my blessings, spin around two times
Freaky freak like it's the 80s
Fuckin' explicit, radio prolly say we
Should tone it down with the clean version
Dirty but in public you're like teen virgin
I like it make me realize my vices
Enticin', flower bombin' all on your privates
Private meetin' inside your bedroom
Head in that Maybach boomin', thank God for leg room
It's a trophy in that pussy, I'ma cum in first place
I'ma cum in first place, cum in, cum in first place
I'm your D-O-double-G and I need more Pedigree
What it D-O? Puppy chow, I've been grown and so off the leash, ho

Baby, I come running
Just keep me coming
And I come running
It feels like, baby I'm your dog
So whenever you call
I come running

Oh
Far East Movement
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Snoop Dogg

I bet you wake up in the morning and you kiss yourself
'Cause I would, if I was you
I bet you show up to the club and just dance with yourself
'Cause I would, if I was you

If I was you girl
Here is what I'd do girl
I'd notice me here at this table, with my crew girl
We sipping goose girl
We getting loose girl
So won't you sit up on my lap with that caboose girl
Shake it out

You ain't a dime, you's a silver dolla
It'll be a crime, if I didn't holla
Take a second, hear me out
If you still don't get it, let me spell it out

O-M-G, you're so sexy
You know you caught my eye with a B-O-O-T-Y
O-M-G, shawty's such a freak
She says she wants to go back to my C-O-N-D-O
Let's go


Let's go

I bet you hop under the covers and play with yourself
'Cause I would, if I was you
I bet you stand up in the mirror and stare at yourself
'Cause I would, if I was you

If I was you girl
It be me and you girl
Would be no question, teach you lessons in my room girl
And if you with it girl, then you can get it girl
And if you thinkin' it, let's start drinkin', let it go girl
Check it out

You ain't a dime, you's a silver dolla
It'll be a crime, if I didn't holla
Take a second, hear me out
If you still don't get it, let me spell it out

O-M-G, you're so sexy
You know you caught my eye with a B-O-O-T-Y
O-M-G shawty's such a freak
She says she wants to go back to my C-O-N-D-O
Let's go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go

Yo Doc what up my nigga
Snoop Dogg, it is what it is
This record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man
And I think it's time for me and you to just
Turn it down a bit
Come on

Imagine it never happened
Imagine no rappin'
Imagine niggas trapped
Imagine it havin' action
Imagine how niggas could be actin'
If you never got this shit crackin
Imagine life's so hard
You can't imagine it's like livin' in city of god
You feel me
Imagine life on the yard
I'm tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job
Imagine Biggie with his son
Imagine Pac gettin' call pop 'bout one
Imagine a mother struggling
Dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son
Imagine life you can't win
When you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen
When you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz
When you put back to the streets you get right back in
Imagine Russell still struggling
No Def Jam it's another nigga hustlin'
And no rocks on them fellas
Just rocks on them fellas
Just try and keep it bubblin'
Imagine niggas just stoped
From the east to the west coast, everybody fucked up
I can't imagine no less
But it don't take imagination
To know niggas been bless with
Hip-Hop

Before we go
Can you imagine?
Picture years, with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life

Could you imagine bein' lit up by some hot shells?
Imagine being tossed around and put in jails
Imagine life when you can't get from under
Imagine niggaz at ya when you done fo'
Remember when they asks ya why ya run for and treat ya like a bitch
When they kick you in your dick and take your shit
We act like we hate to see you gun hoe
But just imagine if the rappin' got the gun no but you already know.
Imagine niggas in the LBC felt just like Snoop Dogg & D-R-E,
And felt just like the niggas in the 2-1-3.
Then imagine us was comin' when you fuckin' with me.
Imagine you was up on top of this shit
Imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick
I mean imagine we said fuck this shit
Imagine if my niggas got together and tow up this bitch, yeah
You can't imagine growin' up in the jail done
Happy just to be alive' watching all your people run
Would you imagine growin' up to sell your 50 million records world wide or fuckin' on somebodies son
Imagine if these niggas never saw a color
Would it be peaceful in them streets where niggas kill each other
All the drunk fool gets pissed on balls
He fuckin' off my niggas, they gone murder us all
Imagine that

Before we go
Can you imagine?
Picture years, with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life
Many motherfuckers criticize 
Pros and how they play
And many motherfuckers criticize 
Rappers and what they say
Even though they criticize 
Secretly they fantasize
But they know they'll never paid be to play

Yea 
I'ma kill one of you young punks
With a old school flow
Flow flow

Though I walk through the shadow of death
I gotta make sure that my shoes and my outfit fresh
Y'all bitches get jealous when you see me coming
Y'all would too if you seen my woman
Y'all know we bout to do what we do
This shit here bout as sick as the flu
Drunk motherfuckers wanna vomit on my shoe
Niggas can't have shit prolly cause of you
Rappers go to jail like Oprah go to Yale
Stedman policy don't ask don't tell
Where my waterbees as I go get the mail
Half black is the new black can't you tell?
It was blue black like Wesley Snipes in new jack
Now you got to have a white mama just to do that
Tiger woods used to be a safe nigga
Go ahead let your daughter have a date with him
He'll mate wit 'em prolly in a wifebeater
Tiger 'bout to change his name to cheater
I don't like it when you call me big poppa
From south central and I hate helicopters
If we at school I'll break in your locker
See me with a water bottle its probably vodka
Drink responsibly or drink constantly
Be who you wanna be in this economy
Drunk as Sean Connery at the Bonavie
Can't throw me out motherfucker I'm the honery
Trust me I'll never be the nominee
I don't kiss enough ass I'm too honery
Ice cube be where the piranha be
Swim upstream eatin' all kind of meat 
West coast treat it like hyenas
Take what you want from these lieing ass cheaters
Eat the fuck out these beavers
That's how we act when you don't wanna feed us
Crazy motherfucker ever since I was a fetus
Might as well join us you ain't gonna beat us
Please believe us you can ask Jesus
I'ma be here bout as long as Regis
Understand I never pledge of alligiance
To this balla confusion might cause a contusion boy
I see you're cruising for a bruising
Fucking with a principal that don't like students
Don't you know that detention is a lynching
And if I fail to mention I'm spending out my pension
No no no no
The reason I hung in
Cause this right here ain't no country for young men
Sunny you done fucked up the churches money
I'm red fox and you that big dummy
This junkyard was a empire
Y'all let it get over ran by vampires
Most M.C's is god damn liars
Like them fucking supervisors working up Kaiser?
Bitch I'm not a dodger I'm a laker punk
Yous a fucking clipper you can call me jack the ripper
Cut you up by your gizzard then down by your liver
Rooter by the tooter gut you like flipper
Dipper y'all better treat me like the skipper
Head trigga the heir nigga
Air honkey and air critter
I come through and kill every litter
Like that like that like that
No country for young men
No no no no
It's like balla' confusion
No country for young men
No no no no
Your world is just an illusion
No no no no
No country for young men
No no no no
It's like balla confusion
No country for young men
Your world is just an illusion

Got damn I'm glad y'all set it off
Used to be hard now you're just wet and soft
First you was down with the AK
And now I see you on a video with Michelle?
Lookin' like straight bozos
I saw it comin' that's why I went solo
And kept on stompin'
When y'all motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton
Livin' with the whites one big house
And not another nigga in site
I started off with too much cargo
Dropped four niggas now I'm makin' all the dough
White man just rulin'
The Niggas With Attitudes, who ya foolin'?
Y'all niggas just phony
I put that on my mama and my dead homeys
Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losin'
Ay yo Dre, stick to producin'
Callin' me Arnold, but you Been-a-dick
Eazy E saw your ass and went in it quick
You got jealous when I got my own company
But I'm a man, and ain't nobody helpin' me
Tryin' to sound like Amerikkka's Most
You could yell all day but you don't come close
'Cause you know I'm the one that flown
Ya done run 100 miles, but you still got one to go
With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B, and ya'll disgrace the see-P-T
'Cause you're gettin' fucked out your green by a white boy
With no Vaseline

("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")
("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")
("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")
("Damn, it feels good to see people, on it")

The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain?
You're gettin' fucked real quick
And Eazy's dick, is smellin' like MC Ren's shit
Tried to tell you a year ago
But Willie D told me to let a hoe be a hoe, so
I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked
Now let's play big-bank-take-little-bank
Tried to dis Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it
'Cause the broomstick fit your ass so perfect
Cut my hair and I'll cut them balls
'Cause I heard you're, like, givin' up the drawers
Gang-banged by your manager, fella
Gettin' money out your ass, like a motherfuckin' Ready Teller
Givin' up the dollar bills
Now they got the Villain with a purse and high-heels
So don't believe what Ren say
'Cause he's goin' out like Kunte Kinte
But I got a whip for ya Toby
Used to be my homey, now you act like you don't know me
It's a case of divide-and-conquer
'Cause you let a Jew break up my crew
House nigga gotta run and hide
Yellin' Compton, but you moved to Riverside
So don't front, MC Ren, 'cause I remember when you drove a be 2-10
Broke as a mothafuckin' joke
Let you on the scene to back up the Verse Team
It ain't my fault, one nigga got smart
And they rippin' your asshole apart
By takin' your green, oh yeah
The Villain does get fucked with no Vaseline

("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")
("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")
("Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline")

I never have dinner with the President
I never have dinner with the President
I never have dinner with the President
And when I see your ass again, I'll be hesitant
Now I think you a snitch
Throw a house nigga in a ditch
Half-pint bitch, fuckin' your homeboys
You little maggot, Eazy E turned faggot
With your manager, fella
Fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella
But if they were smart as me
Eazy E would be hangin' from a tree
With no Vaseline, just a match and a little bit of gasoline
Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on
Till that Jheri curl is gone
On a permanent vacation, off the Massa plantation
Heard you both got the same bank account
Dumb nigga, what you thinkin' bout?
Get rid of that Devil real simple, put a bullet in his temple
'Cause you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew
With a white Jew tellin' you what to do
Pullin' wools with your scams, now I gotta play the Silence of the Lambs
With a midget who's a punk too
Tryin' to fuck me, but I'd rather fuck you
Eric Wright, punk, always into somethin', gettin' fucked at night
By Mista Shitpacker, bend over for the gotdamn cracker, no vaseline

[Chorus]
I can show you the paws my balls 
The Taj Mahals to the strip in M.I.A.
I can show the waterfalls in Spain and Prague
To the beach in St. Tropes
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A.
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A.
Nothing like L.A.

When they come to L.A. they got the wrong impression
When they come to L.A. they gotta learn they lesson
When they come to west coast it's such an obsession
When they come to play it out I'm just an exception
When it comes to girl I need your affection
Every time you walk by you get my inspection
All you gotta do now is make your selection
And it won't be hard to win this election

[Chorus]

I done been around the world I ain't impress
I can't wait till we hit L.A.X
Yea Tokyo is cool and yea I feel the UK
But can't nothing can fuck with California
Especially L.A. and I'm feeling the bay
But ain't nothing like rolling down P.C.H.
Top down west bound it's all good
You don't go Hollywood when you're from Hollywood
Let's go to the hood and fuck with the haters
Then head to the Staples Center and hang with the Lakers
Number six is cool but number twenty four is the champ
And even D Wade and Chris Bosh know that

[Chorus]

The B.E.T. awards and even the Grammy's
They always pick L.A. over Miami
I love Miami I ain't dissing Miami
But where would you rather get robbed for your Grammy?
Ain't nothing like Sunset Boulevard
Compton and Watts if you wanna be hard
We got it all what you thought not at all
If you sick of this shit than take a Tylenol
It's just me and my woman verses all of y'all
And we taking a bow for our curtain call
The angels are lost they don't wanna be found
If God is looking for 'em I can show him around

[Chorus]

It's on like Donkey Kong
You wanted that fast buck
Now I gotta light that ass up
The nigga with the big fat trigger
Don't test me, gravedigger had the swig
Of the ST, remember the time we first met her
You threw your set up now you gotta get wetter
Boom! Ping! Buck! Pow!
Now who's that nigga with the different style?
Uh, ya wanted ta trick
It's all about the pud and who can empty it
First mate, they made day AK
And I'll Kurtis Blow ya ass away like AJ
I'm almost certain I'm put on the hurtin'
Bitch, it's curtains!
Locced in my motherfuckin' head
Gotta play connect-the-dots with my infrared
You in danger, Mr Gangbanger
It ain't cool to take nappy from a stranger
Wit'cha drive-by's it took time to catch ya
But now I gotta wet'cha

Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

S-I-M-I
Valley for the KKK, Rodney!
A place on the map where the order is
Though devils can't leap up a motorist
And get nothin' but a slap on the wrist
Gorillas, gorillas report to the mist
The fist of fury and I'ma shove em
Motherfuck the jury and who ever love em
Why you have to leave it to Beaver?
Now I'm chasin' Beaver' ass with a cleaver
With the sling, sling, sling and chop, chop, chop
Get them on, nigga
Cos tonight we're havin' chopped liver
And I'ma cut out'cha heart
Start the fryin' pan for the devil a'la carte
Twelve motherfuckers ya better be glad I never met'cha
Cos I'm gonna wet'cha

Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

Now wet motherfuckers are bloody
Cos a bullet'll mould your ass like silly putty
White in the shape
A hollow point'll run up in ya like ya got weight
Comin' out'cha back, Mr Mack
Now they got yo' guts in a sack
Use to have ya crew real fat in a huddle
Now you're wet in a puddle, here is the Ice Cube rebuttle
You ain't gotta chance, cos even if my bullet just glance
Ya still wet your pants
So what'cha wanna do when I got'cha ass point blank
Ya guaranteed to spank
Stiff as a board, ya floored
Go meet the Lord and then get ignored
Cos you're on your way to hell and that I can bet'cha
That's why I had to wet'cha

Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

Once upon a time in the projects, yo
I damn near had to wreck a ho
I knocked on the door - "who is it?"
It's ice cube, come to pay a little visit to ya
And what's up with the niggas in the parking lot
She said fuck em, cause they get sparked alot
I sat on the couch but it wasn't stable
And then I put my nikes on the coffee table
Her brother came in he's into gangbangin'
Cause he walked up and said "what set you claimin"
I don't bang I write the good rhymes
The whole scenery reminded me of good times
I don't like to feel that I'm put in a rut
By a young nigga that needs to pull his pants up
He threw up a set and then he was gone
I'm thinkin' to myself, won't this bitch bring her ass on
Her mother came in with a joint in her mouth
And fired up the sess it was sess no doubt
She said please excuse my house and all that
I said yeah cause I was buzzed from the contact
Lookin' at a fucked up black and white
Her mom's bitchin' cause the county check wasn't right
She had another brother that was three years old
And had a bad case of the runny nose
He asked me who I was then I had to pause
It smelled like he took a shit in his little drawers
I saw her sister that needs get her ass kicked
Only thirteen and already pregnant
I grabbed the forty out the bag and took a swig
Cause I was getting overwhelmed by bebe kids
They were runnin and playin and cursin and yellin
And tellin and look at this young punk bailin
I heard a knock on the door without the password
And her mom's got the 12 guage mossberg
The nigga said "yo, what's for sale"
And the bitch came out with a bag of ya-yo
She made the drop and got the 20 dollars
From a smoked out fool with ring around the collar
The girl I was waiting for came out
I said bitch I didn't know this was a crack house
I got my coat and suddenly
The cop busted in and had a mac-10 pointed to my dome
And I said to myself once again it's on
He threw me on the carpet and wasn't cuttin no slack
Jumped on my head and put his knee in my back
First he tried to slap me up, wrap me up, rough me up
They couldn't do it so they cuffed me up
I said fuck how much abuse can a nigga take
Hey yo officer you're making a big mistake
Since I had on a shirt that said I was dope
He thought I was selling base and couldn't hear my case
He said get out my face and musta had a grudge
His reply tell that bullshit to the judge
The girl I was with wasn't sayin nothin
I said aiyyo bitch you better tell em somethin
She started draggin and all of a sudden
We all got tossed in the patty wagon
Now I beat the rap but that ain't the point
I had a warrant so I spent 2 weeks in the joint
Now the story you heard has one little object
Don't fuck with a bitch from the projects!

[Ice Cube]
Speak on it my nigga, speak on it (and my heat go)

[Chorus]
Only in California
Where niggas pull heat and run up on ya (get your grind on)
Only in California (California)
Where niggas pull heat and run up ya (run up on ya)

Ice Cube the motherfucking don
Snoop Doggy Dogg a.k.a. The Doggfather
Mack 10 alias the Chicken Hawk
Gangstas with rules
Cause you'se the niggas with no rules
Ain't got nothing to lose, we got everything to lose

Threw his ass in, he feel the fin of the barracuda
I negotiate Mack is the shooter
You the nigga on the journey strapped to this gurney
We break breads with accountants and attorneys
Currency never worry me (never)
Who's got the balls to murder me
Degree higher than a 33
Tell em what you drank (Hennessy)
Never tell em what you thinking
Never tell em where the body stinking
Fuck Lincoln, fuck Jackson, banking Franklin what you thanking
Hope your man come with the ransom
Let me see you dance on, no longer handsome
If you don't drop off than walk off, watch him, watch him

[Chorus]

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Them west coast niggas is real set trippas
Will get you for them zippers, on a quest for them chippas
Sliding while we riding, not even hitting switches
Hanging at the high school getting at them young bitches
I got the dove sacks, homies love that (who got the bud)
Where the bud at, hollering at my big homeboy who fresh out
Hanging at my grand mama house, homie burnt out
What you gonna do when you get out of jail (speak on it)
I'm gonna have some fun
What do you consider fun a ounce and about five hun
So I put him on a move that I know about
Hooked him with a home girl from the South (good looking out)
Money made, plug a player in the game
Especially when he represent the same thing I claim
Damn they don't make niggas like they used to
That's probably why I keep a tight grip on my deuce deuce (that's real)
Cause everybody wanna be a star
In the city of dope, a.k.a. caviar

[Chorus]

[Mack 10]
What have we a house full of cavi (no stress)
Well known riders from different sides of the West
Got the hi-zoes licking up so hard we sticking up niggas
Tired of the bullshit so we clicken up
Nigga please we ain't tripping off C's and B's
It's the West side Connect with the DPG's
For the cheese we jab with the gift of the gab
Always capping, Mack, Cube and Snoop rapping
Now how did that happen it's all good (fool)
So peep game If you could
Snoop be from Long Beach and I be from Inglewood
Now you despise cause it came to yo surprise
Two well known enemies now becoming allies
In Californ-I-A we parlay the G way
Some wear red and black and some sport blue and gray
So gangsta's don't dance we hang boogie and bang
So it's the Westside Connect with the Dogg Pound Gang

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube]
There we have it, Ice motherfucking Cube
The big fish, rolling with the atomic dog
Snoop Doggy Dogg, down with the ring leader
Mack motherfucking 10, coming back once again
Nigga we make and spend nigga

And my heat goes boom boom boom boom boom boom

"Attention all nigga rows and nigga hoes 
We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way 
Nobs injecting ourselves to become property on the stock 
In the penal system. In the justice system" 

Penitentiary I hear you calling me
Penitentiary I hear you calling me
Penitentiary I hear you calling me
Penitentiary I hear you calling me

As the world turns  it burns while it's spinning 
Coming to a fucked up ending 
I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight 
And I can hit the purty gates 
Until then, the pen is unfair 
Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (ma) 
I lets my goddamn hair grow (ma) 
Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow 
On Capital Hill, they them passed a bill 
Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (nah) 
The judge gave me a 'L' 
But y'all can't tell 
I wait and cry in my cell 
Convicted negro, superhero 
Speaker at our house 
Takin' lyrics in my mouth 
Bitches in the south showin' ass (mm) 
Mix a lot, got hoes puttin' titties on the glass 
We blast in the west for example 
And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples 
Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (Wilson!) 
And straight call me a G 

[Chorus] 
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me 
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me 
Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid 
But it ain't shit, got to be legit 

[Bridge] 
South-central L.A. 
You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey 
And South-central L.A. 
You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby 

When the evil outweighs the good 
And you only give a fuck about rucks 
The Earth will self-destruct (Bitch) 
Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a player (Bitch) 
Plus we got a black mayor 
I get sex when I shows flex (Boom!) 
Porbey Rolex (Boom!) 
Which hoe is next? (Boom!) 
Would you like a piece of me? Not a mate 
Calling you a hoe 'cause I'm fucking on the first day (uh) 
My world is a one-mile radius 
I swear every other hood is the shadiest (uh) 
Could the crips and bloods be all rotten 
When the trilateral commission is plottin'? 
What you gonna do when the Earth erupts? 
Some niggas gettin' nuts outa carafel cups (punk) 
Fool you on master's woe 
But won't even think about, sucking Bob Doe (punk) 
Asshole from the Senate 
How can you relate to a project tennant? 
Motherfuck you and not the court man, no corrections 
Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection 

[Chorus: x2]

[Bridge]

[Repeat: x3]
Just because you gotta stay 
You ain't gotta rot away 
We goin' come and get you one day

Some cool shit for the King's anthology
And when I'm done, don't expect no apology
Stupid motherfuckers shoulda stepped when I warned 'em
I'm from the Boondocks of Compton, California
I'm just anxious to whoop some ass
I went to high school, but I flunked every class
So what makes you think I give a fuck about respect?
I'll put your bitch in check, and I'll bet
You won't run up, son of a punk and a bitch, too
I shoulda did a drive by on you and your crew
Cuz ya'll be poppin' some shit that's unheard of
For you, what's the word? Uh (wack!) it's murder, son
When I be crushin' your hood with a passion
And I ain't talkin' that Action Jackson
When I come you better run for ammo
Or get played like a fuckin' piano

And yo, we got my homeboy Ice Cube in the house from the motherfuckin'
Lench Mob (what's up, nigga?), and yo Ice Cube, I heard you're a singer now
Man what's up? Yo, yo

Do-Ray-Me. But I don't sing, mothafucker
I kick shit with the King, mothafucker
Ice Cube will clock the cash, rock the mass
And if you run up, I'll sock your ass
And watch that eye get swollen
Cuz I'm playin' punk niggas like Beethoven
So bust a cap or swing and die
Fuck Yul Brynner, it's still The King and I
Cuz where I'm from the sun don't shine
So One-Time hope I only bust one rhyme
But I bust one more for the suckers
Last year I was Ruthless, now I'm Lenchin' mothafuckers
And you'll see in a tree, MCs and crews
Now they're lookin' for me, King Tee, and Pooh
Now every nigga that crossed me's soprano
Cuz I played their ass like a fuckin' piano

Yo, check this out, we got my homeboy Breeze in the
Motherfuckin' house from the L.A. Posse
and he got some shit to holler
Come
On, man, bust this shit

Well, I'm-a take the mic like it was a jack move
Run with the beat as long as the track moves
Hot as lava, organized like a seminar
Serve you, your crew, him, and them and a
Couple of rap-saps who think they can get butt
You slipped and shit, so nitwit, just get the nuts
Stealin' your high hopes, watchin' you write notes
Better walk a chalk line, not fuckin' a tightrope
Rap slicker, thicker, quicker than others, then I stop swift
Shift from 1st to 5th, while you stop to shoplift
Take the mic stand whenever the duty calls
If I bust a nut for every rhyme I had, I'd get blue balls
Serious as drama, I'm-a watch her say "Me too."
You're shorter than Michu, your rhymes are see-through
You're nothin' like GQ, transparent, I made it apparent
I'm here to wax and tax the incoherent
Cuz B-R-E-E-Z-E will eas-i-ly re-main to be-e a top MC
When you see me, I wear a beanie, and not a Kangol
Now you got played, like a fuckin' piano

This is just a sample of three black nig-roes
Who grew up in the heart of the ghetto
Doin' what we had to just to make ends meet
Some steal for a livin', some stand on the street
Just slang. Some gang-bang, but big deal
They say in Compton, you gotta kill or get killed
Mothafuckin' police pull ya over, slam ya down
Then tell ya that your hood is their town
And I ain't goin' for no shit like that;
Cuff me up, take me to jail, I'll come back
Talkin' much shit, cuz I talk what the fuck I feel
A few weeks in the county ain't no big deal
So a punk like you can't fuck with me
That big ballin'-ass nigga named King Tee
You think ya can? I don't think that you can, though
Peace to Ice Cube and Breeze, and the fuckin' piano

Yeah yeah 
Blaze one for the nation 
Brr
Brr
Brr

I got lyrics that wake up spirits 
They told me how to make big hits and spend digits 
Can you dig it? 
You fed  you dead  see red 
My lead  yo head  I fed 
Like you shit 
I got rhymes push that shit like weight 
My nigga Lincoln help me navigate 
Through this hate retaliate  it's official 
I got that bomb, bomb, diddy, diddy, diddy, bomb, bomb 
When I hit you 
Push the issue 
My ghetto dope is amazin' 
The bitch that's with you already know that I'm blazin' 
That's by the number, we can slumber, on the under 
Girl no wonder, you got a ass full of thunder 
The frozen Tundra ain't cold enough 
And baby ain't old enough 
For this game I'm rollin' up 
De-zamn it feels good to be the don 
Straight legit, while niggas like Gotti just sit 

[Chorus: x4]
A yeah yeah 
I push rhymes like weight 
I push rhymes like weight 

I hold zone like a Corleone 
No more fuckin' with that homegrown 
Hit the shit we on 
The rolleo's and the baguettes 
You still fuckin' with them faggots 
We turn haters into maggots 
Oak on the dash, but no coke on the hash 
You broke ass niggas learn to mash, like me 
Constantly, put the hustle down 
With four or five niggas that's musclebound 
Send your head to the taxidermist 
Won't be satisfied, till I get my face on a thermos 
You got to earn this, you can't take it 
Can't fake it, got to live it, or we gots to visit 
Who is it, the exquisite, Don Mega 
Walkin with my entourage, I think I'm better, makin' chedder 
You see me sag in my Jag, with the rag recognize the flag 
You better get back, everybody want to do it like me 
I got it made, been makin' rap money since the tenth grade 
(Ch-ching) 
(since the tenth grade) 
(Ch-ching) 
(What you need) 

[Chorus: x4]

I keeps a firm grip on my shit when in transit 
Uncandid, it's the young bandit 
Fresh out the trenches, the wood works 
City of the Tempeon, where the hoods lurk 
In search of the rich blocks, to lick spots, and kick rocks 
From shattered glass, down the pig locks 
Want tips by the clock 
You niggas scramblin' for fouyan 
And settle for crumbs and croutons 
I'm out for armored bucks and armored trucks, with armed killers 
Bitch niggas get swallowed by the armadillos 
Ain't no harmin' me, the army full honorary niggas you can't see 
So while you pace bitches and Saturn's livin' jenky 
I hangs with niggas who got patterns on they hankey 
After Ben Frankeys, with the big skullen eyes 
You niggas bound and nullified 
Sit back and mine stack it multiply 

[Repeat: x2]
A yeah yeah 
I push rhymes like weight 
I push rhymes like weight 

[Repeat: x2]
A yeah yeah 
I push rhymes like weight 
I push rhymes like weight 

Ask about me 
Worldwide baby 
Worldwide baby (A yeah yeah) 
Ice Cube makin' more money in the rap game 
Than some of you can (A yeah yeah) with a bird in your hand 
Puttin' it down 
We wanted in fifty states for this weight 
(A yeah yeah) 
Pushin' rhymes like weight 
Pushin' rhymes like weight 
(A yeah yeah) 
Yeah, blaze one for the nation 
(A yeah yeah) 
You know my name 
You know my name 
(A yeah yeah) 
You know my name 

Yeah, some of you fools just got in it 
And think you gonna change the game 
You ain't changin' nothin'

I been doin' this, I been doin' this 
Ask about me 
Ask about me

[Lil Jon talking]
Yeah!
Right about now (whats up)
It's time for the real nigga role call
Now when you hear your city or state being called
You put your motherfuckin' middle finger up in this bitch
ATL, St. Louis, Alabahma, Chicago, The Carolina's, Nep Town
DC, The Bay Area, VA, Miami, New York niggaz, Texas, You know!

[hook]
[Lil Jon](Ice Cube)
Ya'll niggaz can't fuck wit my niggaz ho! [4X]
(Pussy Nigga)
[chorus]
[Lil Jon and Ice Cube]
Mothafuck that nigga! [4X]
Mothafuck that bitch! [4X]

[Lil Jon]
Ya'll bitches!
Come on flexin' ass flauntin' ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some real ass trill ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some ho ass pussy ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some head-bustin' gangsta ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some runnin' and scary ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some Roy Jones beat ya ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some cake and handcuffin' ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some "Send them hoes out!" niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some tricking "Don't pay them hoes!" ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some Don Juan pimpin' ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some 22 havin' ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some chopper street sweepin' ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Them ol' half ounce sellin' ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Be some dirty bird movin' ass niggaz!
Your Niggaz!
Be some kissin' security ass ass niggaz!
My Niggaz!
Fuck them hoes and let 'em know ass niggaz!

[Hook] - 4X
[Chorus] - 4X
[Ice Cube]
See I'ma mean nigga
Yous afraid nigga
Ol' pretend nigga
Smile and grin nigga
I hate a false nigga
Diana Ross nigga
So if ya lost nigga
Meet the boss nigga
He's a supa nigga
Wit A groupa nigga
Act stupid nigga
I'll fuckin' nuke the nigga
Cause yous a happy nigga
And i'm a nappy nigga
Fuckin' scrappy nigga
Meet ya pappy nigga
Its Ice Cube nigga
And Lil' Jon nigga
So if ya drunk nigga
Keep it crunk nigga
Til' you punk nigga
Feel the bump nigga
Get yo testifying ass in the trunk nigga
You want to tell nigga
I'll dump a shell nigga
Send a frail nigga
Straight ta hell nigga
that's ya shelter nigga
"Heltah-a-Skelta" nigga
And when I belt a nigga
They ain't helpin' nigga!

[hook] - 4X
[chorus] - 4X

[Lil Jon Talking]
Yeah!
I see you and your lil click up in the club nigga
I see why'all niggaz over there talkin' that shit
But you know what nigga
Bitch niggaz get dealt wit motherfuckin' real quick!

[Ice Cube]
Here we come boy
Real niggaz shoot ta kill betta run boy
Or you can tell me how I feel as a
Real nigga
Which nigga
Go get a bitch nigga
No better
Hoes better do what I say
Cause I'm "Insane in the brain"
Bitch I got Rick James in my veins
Real niggaz never change
We just let it bang
Roll through the gutter lane
Daddy said let 'em hang
And cut 'em like its butter mayne
Skeet skeet skeet
Naw that's the other mayne
Cause my skeet never leak Out this rubber manye
TNA ain't workin' niggaz DNA
That crazy bitch'll have ya ass off E&J;
Fake niggaz got these real bitches bein' gay
Til my peoples come around its like night and day
Now she want to change her god and the way she pray
Authentic niggaz all know that's the playa way

[hook] - 4X
[chorus] - 4X
[Lil Jon]
We runnin this bitch
Ya'll niggaz ain't shit
We runnin this bitch
Ya'll niggaz ain't shit
We in the club gettin' crunk
You in the club gettin' stomped
We in the club gettin' crunk
You in the club gettin' stomped
We in the hood on the block
You in the hood gettin' shot
We in the hood on the block
You in the hood gettin' shot
We quick ta show you what we bout
You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth
We quick ta show you what we bout
You quick to run ya fuckin' mouth
Real niggaz from the east
And we act a fucking beast
Real niggaz from the east
And we act a fuckin beast
We gangsta niggaz from the west
Puttin' holes in ya vest
We gangsta niggaz from the west
Puttin' holes in ya vest
My midwest niggaz hard
Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card
My midwest niggaz hard
Quick ta pull ya fuckin' card
And down south we set if off
Blow ya fuckin' face off
And down south we set if off
Blow ya fuckin' face off (real nigga role call!)

Yeah, yeah, you know how me and you do

[Verse 1]
Real People walk in the streets, the streets is talkin'
Often it's beef this city never does
People walk and talk in they sleep
Cold sweats and wet dreams
On how to get green our faith is all in a jeep
Black souls raw and they deep
Hypes tryin' to talk with no teeth
Shorties sayin' ball or retreat
A lesson we all speak at one point or another
What you expect from one who smoke a joint with his mother
Anointed hustlers in a fatherless region
Through the pain wish they know that God was just teachin'
We want decent homes
So dreams we say out loud like speaker phones just to keep em on
It's like a colored song that keep keepin' on
I guess knowin' I'm weak is when I'm really bein' strong
Somehow through the dust I could see the dawn
Like the Bishop Magic Juan, that's why I write freedom songs
For the real people

[Verse 2]
I wonder is the spirits of Bob Marley and Haile Selassie
Watch me as the cops be tryin' to and pop and lock me
They cocky, plus they mentality is Nazi
The way they treat blacks I wanna snap like paparazzi
We're the children of a better God searchin' for better jobs
We could cop ghetto cars tryin' not to catch a charge
They say the dope game is sour
Now they doin' homework that's when they follow you for hours
Come to your crib and devour all that you work for
Must be more than paper these niggas hurt for
Through the purple haze I circle days I rhyme that work for pays
Tryna reverse the slave's mind and insert the brave mentality
Heard that it's drama at home
Can a dude break free and still get honored at home
I was told by a chief it's the games nature
When you're glowin' some will love and some will hate ya
It's real people

[Verse 3]
Black men walking wit white girls on they arms
I be mad at em as if I know they moms
Told to go beyond the surface, a person's a person
When we lessen our women our condition seems to worsen
The weary cursin' the sky
Talkin' to themselves givin' the version of why help and hurt in they eye
I live across from it, some of it I do be in
I be showin' niggas lives
Like UPN
It's real people

Yeah.
For you and yours
Good music
Forever
Yeah
Rock on
We keep on
Uh, yeah
Yeah, yeah
The real

To G or not to G, is the question
And like Smith told Wesson
I'm shady with the .380 old school diploma
I'll leave that ass in a coma, so
If you got a herringbone, Welcome to the Terrordome
Two-eleven, sorry Reverend
Oh my god, gettin robbed
Reach for the smog, "Atomic Dog"
Hard to swallow, janky as Rollo
Count to ten, and don't try to follow
Cause just like Waco, I can take fo'
ATF, to they death
Bust a left on Western, go and get a room
Don't want to be a felon like Stacey Koon
Get the right bitch, hit the light switch, here we go
Tap that ass like this really doe

"You got to believe, somethin"
West Side Lynch Mob
"I got to believe in me"
Cause I'm a motherfuckin G
Cause I'm a mother-fuckin

Thirty in a holdin tank, catch the vapors
Make me a pillow out of toilet paper
Concrete bench kickin' off the hemorrhoids;
Eses deep, don't fuck with dem boys
Phone check, collect call from the baller
Her mama said please don't call her
Do-Wah-Diddy, far from New Jack City
Seen one of my peers, "What the fuck you doin in here?"
He said, "One-eighty-seven on the enemy
And they treat me like I just shot a Kennedy!"
Deputy bitch thinks she's the Queen Bee
Ink on my thumb, index, and pinky
"Sir, what set you from?" Play dumb
"General popu-la-tion"
Mama put your house up, and I can bounce up
Out this motherfucker, that's why I love ya
Out like a boss, with a half-pint of sauce
Got the shit sewed up like Betsy Ross
What a friend know? Buy some indo
Never fuck with a silly ho really doe

"You got to believe, somethin"
West Side Lynch Mob
"I got to believe in me"
Cause I'm a motherfuckin G
Cause I'm a mother-fuckin

Knock you out like NyQuil, I'll kill you quick
You sucker-for-love-ass trick
So don't run up, wit ya gun up
Cause I got the back breaker, double pump rump shaker
Cause we can play hookie in the Aqua Boogie
With concrete Nikes, ya gets no stripes
Livin unforgiven with the mic on
And punks runnin like roaches with the light on
And that's all the shit I'm startin
Bust a cap (ka-kow-POW) like Jerome on Martin
You lookin for a punk with benefits
Cause you got a baby, that take many shits
And you know I got a grip like a baby on a tit
Scopin', hopin', thighs open
But I kick back, six-pack, and hit the Phillie slow
Hooker ho really doe

"You got to believe, somethin"
West Side Lynch Mob
"I got to believe in me"
Cause I'm a motherfuckin G
Cause I'm a mother-fuckin

"You got to believe, somethin"
West Side Lynch Mob
"I got to believe in me"
Cause I'm a motherfuckin G
Cause I'm a mother-fuckin

Please listen to my demo [Repeats: x 8] 

A nigga told me  the record company's the pimp 
The artist is the hoe  The stage is the corner 
And the audience is the trip, god damn 

(verse one) {:21} 
Incredible young nigga  
You can't believe I'm just one nigga 
God damn I've gotten bigger 
Intellect superior  
Walk in a room and make the whole interior inferior 

If you look me in my eyes 
You might fuck around and loose control of your mind body and your soul 
Grab a hold 
Undisputed on the microphone, what you think 
If you wink, I'll make you extinct
Did you blink, did you ever drink your own brain matter 
Shotgun enema, this ain't no cinema 
All praises due to the creator 

For this man here, that can't no nigga stand near 
True, inventor of the 'W'
What You want to do, I got the red and the blue 
Show me one nigga dedicated to raps 
I'll show you ten niggas dedicated to snaps 

Record company death traps settin' decoys 
Just to pimp young b-boys 
With a cup full of yak, studio contact 
Maniac with a contract 

Well turn up the bass and the motherfuckin' treble 
About to do a deal with the devil for my vocal level 
Bullshit points, plus he want to rub it in 
And take all my publishin', god damn 

Do i take it up the rectum 
Just to rock the spectrum 
Give up a right arm, just to do a form 
Hell no, all you motherfuckers goin' leave this bitch limpin' 
No more, record company pimpin' 

No more (No more), record company pimpin' 
No more (No more), record company pimpin' 
No more (No more), record company pimpin' 
No more, no more, no more, no more 

You ain't pimpin' me (uh uh, uh uh) 
I ain't pimpin' you  (uh uh, uh) 
I just want to be free (I just want to be free) 
So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you) 

You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo) 
I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo) 
I just want to be free (I just want to be free) 
So what we gonna do (can I holla at you, holla at you) 
 
I'ma keep it simple, it went from "please listen to my demo" 
To "get your ass out my limo" 
Stretch presidential 
It's essential 'cause the record company will have your ass in a rental 

If you let 'em, You have to behead 'em 
Contracts you never read 'em 
CEO's you never met 'em 
Sent to an attorney, Burnstein and Burney 
Nigga that's his lawyer, ain't got nothin' for ya 

Treat ya like they employer, I'm a warrior 
Bite you in the ass like a Georgetown Hoyas 
When they ignore ya cause, you got to hold your balls 
Catch a motherfucker slippin' in bathroom stalls 

And then you show 'em that you ain't a rookie 
Let 'em know that you'd rather have, more points than more pussy 
Pimp turned bookie 
Now how the fuck I get in so much debt 
God damn, we just met 

He said, welcome to the rap game 
Motherfucker be confused and broke before he know what's happenin' 
You can be the star and fuck women 
I'm a just play the back and keep pimpin' 

No more (no more), record company pimpin' 
No more (no more), record company pimpin' 
No more (no more), record company pimpin' 
No more, no more, no more, no more 

You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo) 
I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo) 
I just want to be free (i just want to be free) 
So what we gonna do (i got to holla at you, holla at you) 

You ain't pimpin' me (uh uh, uh uh) 
I ain't pimpin' you (uh uh, uh uh) 
I just want to be free (I just want to be free) 
So what we gonna do (can I holla at you, holla at you) 

[Repeat: x 4]
It went from please listen to my demo 
To get your ass out my limo 

[Outro] 
Mama's, don't let your kids grow up to be rappers 
Unless you tell them if they gonna get in this business 
They better learn this business 
Or they goan get fucked 
Simple as that 
Simple as that

This right here is payback
From way back
I don't play that
I don't play that
I don't play that
I don't play that

Recognize a real don when you see one
And don't try to be one, you fuckin' peon
I been like Deon for eons
You ain't nothing but a biatch

Messed around and let me read up
I come back through and tear the street up
Ice cube, nigga, you better D up
And when I come by, bitch, you better be up

Ass up, face in the pillow
I don't give a fizzle 
Got to do my bizzle
The only nizzle that'll never ever fizzle
Original, you niggas know

[Chorus]
(Right here, right now) 
You gotta get 'em up
Who wants some?
You better get 'em up
Come get some
Come get some
Come get some
You gotta get 'em up
Who wants some?
You better get 'em up

Got to get with ya
Hit you wit' these things that I'm holding
Who wanna squab with the frozen?
Now, who wanna battle with the chosen?
You nigga's lotion
I'm no emotion
I'm shrapnel from the explosion
Hit you in the face while you posing

High as Jimmy Hendricks
I lined up ten dicks and took out appendix
So go get forensics
Let 'em know I'm Geronimo
Till it's my time to go
You better find your ho
Get your babies and your mama
And move to Guantanamo
Doubt my skills
I'm payin' my bills
I'm up in the hills
You niggas are kills
Even though I'm on a fucked up label
You bitches know what I can bring to the table

[Chorus]

This right here - it's payback
From way back
I don't play that
I don't play that
I don't play that
I don't play that

I like bitches like you
5'2", wearing light blue
The freak get high too
With a fly dude
Not a Erika Badu
That's looking for an "I do"
Now, what can I buy you
Just to try you?
Need another bitch to lie to
Need another bitch in my coupe
Oh, please can I trouble you
For a double scoop

A nigga need some T and A
Now you can get dick, but you can't get no DNA
I heard you was a big freak
(Can I hang?)
Bitch, look down - I got some big feet
I like Mike and Ike's
I like watchin' dikes 
I like goin' to fights
I like earnin' my stripes
In the book of life
There's only two women
Big ol' good ones
And good ol' big ones

[Chorus]

My job is to tell it like it is
See who the fuck I'ma jack today
Nigga broke, shit and it's early in the mornin'
Today I'm going to tell you the story of Robin Hood

At last, grab my ski-mask out the closet
Now let's see how big did my balls get?
I brush my teeth, it takes a thief
Swervin' 'cause I'm tryin' to roll up the chronic leaf

At a stop sign, I take a hit and hold it in
I cough, now I'm off
Drivin' down the two-lane highway
It's all bad, thinkin' 'bout shit I never had

Pass through the W.S. neighborhood
Knowin' I can do my best in Westwood
Cut off by a white BM, driven by a yuppie
He sticks up his finger like fuck me

Now I gotta follow him home, with my chrome
Send him to the Twilight Zone, it's on
Niggaz say I'm gone 'cause I'm fuckin' with the rich
Say what but they all full of bitch, yeah

Don't need a snitch so I'm rollin' solo
In a straight bucket, no it ain't a low, low
He pulls up to a seven bedroom, eight bath
Oh yeah, he's got to feel the wrath

Pistol to the neck, devil turn off the Westec
And when you're rollin' have mo' respect, bitch
Tied his ass up and took everything I could
A nigga straight robbin', mobbin', back to the hood

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

Since two-eleven is my favorite number
Fuck squabbin' 'cause I be Robbin' like the Boy Wonder
Holy bandit, leave yo' ass stranded and you know that
Unhook the LoJack, cellular phone under the flo' mat

They wanna say that it's federal
Actin' like your ninety-five Coupe is headed fo'
Beirut they wanna shoot me like a terrorist
But I don't give a fuck 'cause I'm takin' care of this

Trigger finger got blisters
Heard from your sisters, you be rollin' on the twisters
Now when we meet, I can make your heart beat
And make you feel so neat

Or you can get us fifteen
Twenties out the ATM, I'll take all of them, give 'em up
I'm king of the Slim Jim, it's the incredible
Nine-oh-two-one-oh, is where I'm headed foe

Don't need no Merry Men, I fuck around and bury them
If they told, what I stole
Motherfuckers got to know that I'm lethal
Steal from the rich and slide it to my people

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

I stalk rich ass people like Hudson Hawk
Bitch don't talk, let's take a walk
Nigga got nuttin' to lose, you know the rules
The purse and the jewels or the eleven o'clock news

Which one? Magnum gun to the titties
Makin' scared devils move from my city
With the strong-arm, fuck the long arm of the law
Bitch count to ten and forget who you saw, hurry up

Had to clock her with the handle
'Cause your husband's a thief with an S and L scandal
Don't feel bad if you're stuck up
Nobody move, nobody get, shut the fuck up

I'm nervous, quick to serve this
Heat in yo' meat, make your blood skeet
A nigga just tryin' to get on his feet
So hurry up, rich bitch, before I twitch

She said, "Don't rape me and don't kill me"
Nigga don't want to fuck, yo' filthy ass
Just give me the cash and we good
All I wanna do is rob you on my way to the hood

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't all good

All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
All my niggaz love the adventures of
Robbin' Hood 'cause it ain't shit good, yeah

You know somethin' Robbin'? You know somethin' Robbin'?
You know somethin' Robbin'? You know somethin' Robbin'?
You know somethin' Robbin'? You know somethin' Robbin'?
You know somethin' Robbin'? You know somethin' Robbin'?

You know somethin' Robbin'?
You're takin' too many chances, you must be joking
You're takin' too many chances, you must be joking

Good evening ladies and gentlemen, I'm robin lench!
And welcome to the "lifestyles of the poor and unfortunate"!
Where you and your broad can win eight days and nine dangerous nights at
'The come on in hotel', overviewing the watch tower (oww!)
And for your transportation pleasures, you get to ride on what?
The "R.T.D.": the "rough, tough and dangerous"
Where, we provide you and your bitch round trip transfer
Straight down range (ayo, nigga! Get outta the car, nigga!)
Where you can meet, who? O.g. Mcbone! (Who the fuck are?)
Hello, o.G. Mcbone! Say: "hi!" (nigga, fuck you muthafucka! Get outta here, punk!)

And for your gambling cravings
You can lose that trick-bitch that's with ya almost
Well basically anywhere! (I give you $20 for your bitch!)
And for your nightlife entertainment, you get to visit
Our very own strawberry showgirls! Located where? On figueroa!
'Ey, 'ey, bitch! 'Ey, how much for "head"?
Hahahahahah! Ow ahahh!
Ow! Until next time!
40 ounce dreams and watermelon wishes!
I'm robin lench, peace!
5000 g!

I got a full tank of unleaded {repeat x4} 

Now we could roll all day  if I could ride all night 
I got a full tank of unleaded   
I got a full tank of unleaded   

I see you walkin' and I'm damn near stalkin' 
You a chicken head and I'm chicken hawkin'  now we talkin' 
'Bout your unlucky background 
And how your ex boyfriend is smokin' crack now (why) 
I'm very very sympathetic 
But baby where you headed? 
I got a full tank of unleaded
She got in and had ass for days like 
Boom, bam, god, damn!
She ask me would I harm her 
No, I'm a charmer 
A fuckin' night in shining armor 
We went out and had a blast, every time she walked past 
Nigga got a quick fast glimpse of that ass 
("what cho want to do after this?") 
I want to get your titties in my fist 
But you want to kiss 
Your mouth might taste like dick (ew) 
And I grew up on bearin' wit, trick 

Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night 
I got a full tank of unleaded 
I got a full tank of unleaded 

Niggas that I know don't kiss no hoes 
Niggas that I know don't buy no clothes 
Niggas that I know don't fuck no pros 
Niggas that I know roll foots (?) in fours (yeah) 
Pull them panties off your hips 
Pussy deep as crips 
And 'bout as wide as my grip 
Never ever get me with that whipper feel 
They got a pants full of black steel 
Am I too real? 
You like dick I know you do 
Want to bring out the hoe in you 
I know what you're goin' through 
You already think you're cree-al 
You should learn to suck this like Vanessa Del Rio 
Aw, you thought I was a nice guy 
But shit, I was around eight, with bitches gettin' laid 
If I wrap my dick in plastic 
Now, how wide can that ass get? 
It's gettin' drastic 

Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night 
I got a full tank of unleaded
I got a full tank of unleaded

Should of picked up an old girl that I know 
That's what I get for fucking with you young hoes 
About to get an attitude, what's happenin'? 
Baby how you actin'? 
Let's get it crackin' (c'mon) 
No? 
Well then bitch you got to go 
I put her ass out, on imperial 
Hoe slamed my door, next to Texaco 
Kick my lexo, broke my window 
Put out my indo 
Jumped out and said "bitch are you crazy?" 
Fucked around and got lazy 
She jumped in my car, took off, now I'm stuck 
And all I want to do was fuck 
(damn)

I had to stroll all day, I had to walk all night 
I had a full tank of unleaded
I had a full tank of unleaded

You can't fuck with the criminal rapping over gangsta shit
First I load the clip and then I make the hit
I know some y'all can't fade this
Lench Mob niggas are the craziest
So you and your boys are ass out
When I'm rollin' in a seven deuce glass house
The Mob ain't nothing but a menace
When we get the motherfucking dog in us
Playing them old beats
I'm pouring out some of my beer for my homies
Ready to peel your cap
You can't believe "Faces of Death" on wax
Some say the Mob ain't positive
Man fuck that shit cause I gots to live
How I live and you could either give a fuck punk
Yo or get your ass bucked
Some rappers are heaven-sent
But Self-Destruction don't pay the fucking rent
So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job
I'd rather roll it wit the Lench Mob

To be down with the Mob is simple
Mind your own you want a spot find your own
And take mine if you're badder than the strong man
I do the right thing I do the wrong thing
Do anything cause I ain't faking the scene
It's all about how much bacon you bring
And if you see something from the gat I will stuff it
Yo you ain't seen nothing
Cause if you testify you're living blind
Cause in the city you live and let die
Rolling with the fools One Time can't beat
On my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet
He said "I know you" I said "you might
My name is Ice Cube I did a song you didn't like"
So he soaked me up like Bounty
Had to do a week in the county
A piece of cake it was just like a party
Cause in the county you know everybody
No I didn't kill or steal or rob
Locked up for what cause I'm rollin wit the Lench Mob

If you know a female that's rollin with the Lench Mob
Watch your step cause the gat is kept
In the purse like my homegirl Yo-Yo
You gotta be down and you can't be a hoe no
Cause if you are I'll be the first one to bust you out
After my crew I'll be the first one to rush you out
Get the picture or bitch
You'll get the eighty-six
If she want to try and mix
Business and pleasure make up your own mind
You gotta be a hoe on your own time
Don't sleep cause even on a solo creep
Yo the Mob is still deep
And we'll play ya just like a nit-wit
You thought you got with the crew you can't get with
So get the noose ready for the lynching
Now 235 is what I'm benching
But nowadays it's still not enough
I got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush
Give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job
Rolling with the motherfucking Lench Mob

I think they spotted me

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
This is Bigfoot, don't get it shook
Out in Japan they call me Godzilla
Up in Africa, King Kong gorilla

Michael Joe Jackson used to call me Thriller
All my enemies swear I'm Attila
Vietnam vet, burn down your villa
Captain Crunch scream, serial killer
Out in O-Town I'm a fucking pirate
Think I'm Rodney King? We can start a riot
You a fat bitch, I'm a fucking diet
You in solitary, I'm piece and quiet
This a nightmare on Elm Street
You're just a runaway, where the pimps be
You'se a thirsty man, I'm so empty
At your funeral, no sympathy

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
This is Bigfoot, don't get it shook
Out in Japan they call me Godzilla
Up in Africa, King Kong gorilla

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
Please check the time, I'm like turpentine
And it's burping time, you exhausted I know
Cause I'm overtime and I'm over the line
Come over to mine, I already left
You wanting a rhyme, bitch? I'm So So Def
You ready to shine, I'm already blind, you already lyin'
A nigga ain't buyin' what you selling, always open; 7/11
When I blow niggas know here come tsunami
You got a bucket list, my list is Bugatti
You that drowning kid at the pool party
I'm the carnivore over your body

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
This is Bigfoot, don't get it shook
Out in Japan they call me Godzilla
Up in Africa, King Kong gorilla

Don't make me, don't make me put this foot up your ass
(Don't do it)
Don't make me, don't make me put this foot up your ass
(Don't)
Don't make me, don't make me put this foot up your ass
What you do? Bring it down and bring me my cash

You'se a fucking prick, but I'm Moby Dick
I'm Darth Vader, you Obi Wan Kenobi, bitch
He's Jim Kelly, y'all, I'm Terry Bradshaw
He is baby ass, I'm like diaper rash
I'm like stinking trash, I'm like party crash
Like getting caught with hash
I'm like your stolen cash
I like you feeling bad, they call me Schleprock
I like the whole country looking at the debt clock
Pyroclastic flow, this is Pompeii
Whoever in the way, turn you into clay
Call me out my name and that's a hurricane
I'll send the wind and the water and the pouring rain
I am boring, mane, I am snoring, mane
I'm the pain that's wearing off the Novacane
I'm the weight you gained, I make your titties hang
I'm the crowded train that just hit the mane

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
This is Bigfoot, don't get it shook
Out in Japan they call me Godzilla
Up in Africa, King Kong gorilla

They call me Sasquatch, please check the watch
This is Bigfoot, don't get it shook
Out in Japan they call me Godzilla
Up in Africa, King Kong gorilla

Good evening. 
Police  do not try to adjust your radios. 
There is nothing wrong. 
We have takin' control over this city 
As to bring you this special 
Bulletin and we will return this motherfucker 
To ya as soon as the National 
Guard move in. 

The cops want to catch the nigga that won't fetch 
But I'll blast ya  never call ya master 
Who is that kickin' up shit much faster? 
Rollin on a scooter, you know I might do ya 
See a black clock and my buck shots run right through ya 
I never knew ya 
'Cause I'm not a trick 
You can suck the biggity-dick, I'm not the piggity-pig 
I get away quickity-quick 
On the plane to South Central 
Never get played by the monkey wrench ho 
Steady mobbin' I'm just like Robin Hood 
Up to no good, so many bitches on my wood 
To the right of me and to the left of me 
Bitch, I got so much game I need a referee 
Throw a penalty of ass interference 
Damn, y'all over me, so bitch get on the bitch 
Here comes the cops so I better hit the fence 
Better run fast 'cause the dobermans pinch 
And I won't play mine in the daytime 
Goddamn, here comes the canine 
Four legged copper that wants to use Ice Cube as a whopper 
But who's the first nigga to outrun a chopper? 
No lie say hi to the bad guy 

Fuck! (Hey guys, where ya headed?) 
Nowhere, man (Got your license and registration?) 
Yeah, hold up, right here (Hey, what's in that box back there?) 
Nothin', aah, nothin' (They happen to be donuts?) 
(Ya got a glazed donut? How bout a bear claw?) 
Ah (If you don't have one, I got ta gaffle ya) 
What? You gon' gaf, yeah! 

See one-time, hit em up 
'Cause you know the Lench Mob is down to get em up 
People think Ice Cube roll with the gangs 
'Cause I'm in a coupe de sittin' on thangs 
Ain't gotta tell me twice about the jack 
See a got a 9 in my lap ta take care of that 
Caps get peeled on the regular 
'Cause niggas try to get me for my cellular 
Knick knack paddy wack, the mack daddy's back 
Kidnappin' hos like the Patty Hurst jack 
Have the white ho, where the fo'-fo'? 
Go rob a liquor store, they can't blame it on a nigga row 
Bring the money to the rooster 
Had the bitch and the Mob bein' the booster 
Damn, can't stand when the bitch get sent to sample *?bran?* 
And come back up man 
You want to point the finger at me 'cause the O.G. 
As sooped like Chevro R.D. 
Humpin', jumpin', had the place jumpin'
Goddamn, gotta break you off somethin'
You want to know why I bust in half 
Now look at you now 
Huh, and I'm out real fast 
Get the paper out yo' ass, baby 
Yo, here we go, listen to the po' 
Shoot the bo-bo and act like ya know, ho 
Fuck with the flow and die 
When I walk by say hi to the bad guy 

Ai yo man, there's just one left 
(I'll make a deal with ya) 
What? (Aah, ya got one of those powdered donuts? 
(How bout that twister? 
If it have cream in the middle, 
I'm gonna have to gaffle ya!) 
You gon' gaffle us? 
(Hey, can I reach back there and get one?0 
Ah yeah homie, go on and reach ahead here 
Duck ya head in here man 

(What kind of cop killer are you?)

[Snoop]
Real nigga shit..
Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock
Real nigga shit
Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock
Real nigga shit..

[MC Ren]
Here come The Villain again, grab your hoe and get the fuck outta town
This nigga shit make the world go round
It's that black nigga Ren, duck when I bust
Make Jada get on these nuts, make Will, love to cuss

You want to fuck with us? Man, I wouldn't do it
Ask this nigga here, his ass, we ran right through it
You out actin like yo' shit be tight
Get some shit, fuck it off like Tamika Wright

Get the fuck out my site, I Ren-incarnate
Droppin West coast shit in every motherfuckin state
Motherfuckin legend, why'all niggaz be knowin
You can leave yo' bitch and keep on goin

[Snoop Dogg]
I am Doggy Dogg bitch (beitch) love to hit a switch
Never hit a bitch (beitch) love that gangsta shit
Can I hear your flow? Can I fuck yo' hoe?
Boy you hard on 'em - nigga you ain't know?

When you testify, you got to keep it fly
A lot of niggaz lie, shit we do or die
E'ryday we high, it's like a nine to five
I got my nina my fo'-heata beata by my side

I keep it tucked close when I'm on the West coast (West coast)
I keep it on post when I'm with my East coast folks locs (East coast)
Y'all know what's crack-a-lackin
I'm from the hood of the drivebys and kidnappings, and car-jackings

[Chorus]
Me and Snoop Dogg on the hog
On our way to the mall, fuck alla why'all
We gon' ball til we fall, watch the chrome crawl
Intercept these fine bitches cause we want 'em all
Droppin drawers, poppin coochie and lickin balls
Only gangsta ass nigga follow nigga laws
Only gangsta ass bitches get to run the hogs
Only real ass niggaz get to set it off

[The Lady of Rage]
Now, the way I gets off in that ass it's a sin to not assassin
Grab a microphone have flashbacks and start flashin, ahh
I'm bound to toast ya
String you up like you was on the Ponderosa

Sip on Mimosa do it that way cause I'm supposed ta
Now most of ya, don't measure up
I'll make it hot and turn the pressure up
Steamin, regular, nah supreme and I ain't gassed

I blow an MC away like Fox(?) when I pass
Ain't nuttin shitty about this here fuck around and that's that ass
Just like, grass I, I want more Green than the Goblin
Matter of fact I want more Bank than that chick that be modelin (UHH!)

My uzi weighs more than a single ton
I leave you single son, who want to mingle not a single one
Hah, now tell me what you figure, nigga
Rob load up the show slow flow spitter

The hard hitter (UHH) the are nigga, roll
I break it down sweet then I bring it back slow

[Chorus]

[Nate Dogg]
Nigga that was dumb diggy diggy dumb dumb
Here them niggaz come kiddy kiddy come come
I think a nigga sprung spriggy spriggy sprung sprung
Probably why he done diggy diggy done done

Yo' lady think I'm cute, I be knockin her boots
When she's away from home, she be swallowin juice
You thinkin that's yo' son, but he ain't lookin like you
See the barrel of a gun, nigga whatcha gon' do?
Set it off

[Snoop Dogg]
Niggaz pop mo' shit while we drop mo' shit
Continuously, nigga nigga please
Slang yo' ki's, birdies and trees
You can catch me and my niggaz, overseas

Shootin the breeze, with a cute Vietnamese
Or was she Lebonese? I think she Chinese
It really don't matter cause they all on they knees
It's somethin bout these motherfuckin West coast G's

Make that cheese, when the cops come you bet' not freeze
Blast on 'em like the Genovese, they yo' enemies
Lock you up and fuck you up
Talk shit to you beat you down then cuff you up

And leave you in a cell stuffed (damn!)
I ain't got no money for bail, that's real as fuck (for real)
Tryin to get a meal ticket and kick it
Chill, catch a plane to Spain or maybe Brazil
On the real can you feel me?

Yeah, yeah, set it off
It's Kurupt Young Gotti
Doin it big, for all y'all suckers
We set it off, Snoop Dogg!

It's "Tha Last Meal"
Last time y'all suckers goin' eat off my big homeboy
We set it off!
We set it off! West coast

She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own! ("Bangladesh!")
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!

California air!
Chain all blue like it's runnin' out of air.
I keep a bad bitch with a fat derriere,
And you know that hoe fresher than a new pair.
Retro elevens on the pedal! I'm taking this to the next level
Competition restin' best up in the chevo'
And if you niggas still wanna make a deal with the devil,
I can help you meet him, introduce you to my barrel! (My barrel)
All you artists walkin' 'round with yo' wack raps (wack raps!)
And gettin' fucked by the game Kat Stacks! (Kat Stacks!)
And any nigga thinkin' he can make it happen
I'll be outside of Staples with the bitches and phantom. 
Mu'fucka!

She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own! 
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get a pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!

Pull up on them bitches, steppin' out on 30' inches
In my L.A. Dodger fitted, with some Louie V. stichin'.
Niggas wanna catch me slippin'. 
Yeah, they prayin' and they wishin'
Cause a nigga clockin dough 
And I'm fuckin' all they bitches!
("Yo! You fuckin' all they bitches? ") 
Yeah, I'm fuckin' all they bitches!
If it's money over bitches, 
Then I'm preachin' my religion.
Cause this game that I'm livin', 
'bout as cold as my wrist is
If you know my pops, 
Then you know I'm 'bout the business! (business!)
Smoke big trees! (big trees!) Christmas! (Christmas!)
Chain super sick (super sick), syphilis (syphilis) 
My flow retarded nigga! (my flow retarded nigga!) 
Gifted! (gifted!)
This games a bitch! 
Watch me pimp it!

She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own! (She had to!)
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own! (What about me?)

If you don't kick it with' me who you gon' kick it with'?!
Ice Cube is the shit! Who you been speakin' with'? 
They been lyin' to you, if they told you different
I got a different cool type of temperament. 
WestCoast style, baby, on some California shit. 
They might've told ya that I was hard on the bitch
You know how it go some bitches think they slick 
Look at me and think they about to get rich. (get rich!)
Uh oh! (uh oh!) Danger! (danger!)
You are (you are!) a stranger! (a stranger!)
Who am I? 
I am the long ranger.
Tonto tell em'. 
I'll run yo fuckin' ass through the ringer. 
It goes

She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own!
She had to get the pimp,
She couldn't make it on her own! (What about me?)

What about me?
What about me?

Mack, you got everything on here except some damn rock'n'roll
Shit, don't speak too soon

I got to know, baby
I got to know, baby

Girl, do you still wanna be a ho? (Huh?)
I got to know, baby, should I stay or should I go? (What?)
Do you want this nigga in a 6-double O?
I got to know, should I stay or should I go?

Fuck this condo and with John Doe
You a bomb ho, black enchicando
You must think I'm soprano, you better trun the channel
I wanna grab you like a handle
You ill scream "Book him Dano!", here come the crack commando
wit his guns and his ammo
Tryin to blow out my candle
I'ma stop fuckin wit you for your cousin in Orlando (fo' sho', fo' sho')

I got to know, baby, should I stay or should I go?
Will I end up with strike number four?
I got to know, should I stay or should I go?

Should I stay or should I go take a hit or say "no"? (No)
Shoot the jumpshot, run the rock or sell blow?
Get a whole gallon of loot, do a show
Keep the square bitch or should I bust me a ho?
You got the green light, break grass so I can write
We gonna stock all big heads, I recite hella types (right)
Always mashin like pedals, packin fully heavy metals
To the new school leader with the big rebels
See the shinin sea, Westside is the thang (westsiiiide!)
We're down to Hoo Bang with the ghetto slang
Heads boppin and frownin like it's nasty
The class crackin, hard rockin like the cavi, ask me
I never lie, I keep it to the real
Rollin like a big wheel ever since I had a deal
Mack move the crowd like an automatic Uza (BRRRRW!)
That three time loser's wreckin lotta polluters
Nigga what? (Nigga what?)

Should I stay or should I go?
Do you wanna see Mack 1-0?
I got to know, should I stay or should I go? (Bitch what?)

You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
You a tease (fuck a tease)
Bitch please (catch these)
Bitch please (catch these)

You wanna leave, girl, no way
My forte is to flip it like O.J.
You gots ta obey O'Shea
Like your ass was an ol fade and nothin but a trophy
Give my nigga Mack a 40, maintain orders
Strandin orders, walkin target, stalkin chargers
Walk the hardest, you should move the force
Cos I'ma fight, it's love, I'm right behind ya
Over-protective, you shouldnt've gave it to me (never)
Said it was mine and handed a baby to me
Now I'm on it, like I own it
I better go, ho, before I end up on death row

Mack 10 be the G with the color bandana
I fiend for the mic with a jonez like Indiana
Never fuck a broad white as Vanna, I like em tanner
Always lookin for pussy, detect a freak like a scanner
I say "Beeyatch! My name is Mack 1-0
and you the baddest ho at the show in the front row
You give head? If so, I wanna blow
Meet me at the Nico in room 3-0-4"
I heard a knock (what?), there's somebody at the do'
Baby came in, sucked me down like a pro
"What else ya wanna do?" I replied "I don't know"
She said "Mack 1-0, well should I stay or should I go?" Yo

SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO, YO?
I'MA GO, YO! I'MA GO, YO!

I got to know, baby
I got to know, baby
Handle me this chick, get the fuck outta here
Huh, real quick, real quick
Bitch, you crazy, you crazy
I'm gone, I'm gone
A yeah yeah

George Bush, George Clinton, Bill Clinton
Chris Farley, Chris Rock, Bob Marley
Rick James, knew how to throw a party
"Smoke some weed"
Snoop Dogg, all the way to Cheech and Chong
Cypress Hill, Robert Downey hit the bong
Ricky Williams, fuck how Miami feeling
"Smoke some weed"

This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggas drinking
Smoke some weed
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
Smoke some weed

If you a baller, nigga I'm a hall of famer
Lion tamer, with two fo'-fifth flamers
Understand, that yo' life's in danger
Didn't your momma, tell you not to talk to strangers
Lil' nigga, I'm the Hillside Strangler
Have a banger, calling for the Lone Ranger
Most rappers, they wanna fuck sangers
I'm a nigga, that wanna own Topanga
G4, pull it up out the hanger
A lil' something, to fuel you niggas anger
The swine, I'm your face rearranger
In a mansion cause Jesus born in a manger
Motherfucker, belong on Jerry Spranger
I'm a gangsta, up in your CD changer
I'll gank ya, for 20 bucks then I'll thank ya
Police, still get the middle fanger

This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggas drinking
Smoke some weed
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
Smoke some weed

Lil' niggas, don't try this at home
Momma in the bathroom leave her ass alone
Cause she probably taking chronic straight to the dome
Go play you lil' fucker, stop being grown
Dave Chappelle, 50 million and a throne
With a big Zulu bitch, nigga getting blown
Watch your tone, if your wear Coppertone
Go back to Africa used to be a theme song
I'm in the zone, do anybody got a zone
I ain't your poppa, but daddy is a rolling stone
Youse a clone, who don't know the shit you on
Unless it's on, a motherfucking ringtone
I'm in a room with two bottles of Patron
You need a loan, to fuck with the Family Stone
Nigga go on, tell 'em Ice Cube is home
Gorilla niggas, here come King Kong

This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggas drinking
Smoke some weed
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
Smoke some weed

Ice Cube motherfucka
West Coast motherfucka
Smoke some weed

Internationally known
You got to smell my cologne
West coast motherfucka
Let's toast motherfucka

[Repeat: x16]
Old money 

Old money new money no money nose runny
Don't try to con the godfather in sunny
Don't try to turn your four fathers into money
The rap god got the whole world praying for me
Pray for me (pray for me, pray for me)
Third eye see you laying for me
Crazy goons D.J'ing for me
I'm the real iron man you just Robert Downey
A crack head and black face fresh out the county
Nigga

[Chorus]
Back the fuck up off me
I burn just like hot coffee
I'm kind of sweet like coffee
Look what this game done taught me
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Ey
You bout to smell my cologne
You bout to smell my cologne
You bout to smell my cologne
Look nigga
You bout to smell my cologne
Ey

[Repeat: x16]
Old money 

Candy paint flow ever since my Adidas
Ice cube fans get sugar diabetes 
Sugar Ray Leonard style nigga I'm the sweetest
Rolled in on some ass just like Jesus
Cool as a fridge and you shaking like jello
Mad cause my life's like a marshmallow
Look motherfucka if you smell my cologne
Ask yourself why you're all up in my zone

Back the fuck up off me
I burn just like hot coffee
I'm kind of sweet like coffee
Look what this game done taught me
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Look mama look mama I'm soul on ice
Ey
You bout to smell my cologne
You bout to smell my cologne
You bout to smell my cologne
You bout to smell my cologne
Hey

Yo what's up my niggas out there
Just letting you know right now man
You got to, you better you gotta pay your dues
To the dime nigga
Dead on the block and hit y'all ass
With that old ice cube super bomb hit
The one that sent your cousin Tony Tole to the penitentiary
Get back in 89
The one that sent Lil' Ray Ray out from L.A.
To St Louis and got off the bus
And served those nigga them quarter thangs
Make sure y'all tune into that nigga ice cube
The first one who put you niggas
On perms and pimping
Pistols and preaching
Perms and pimping
Pistols and preaching
Perms and pimping
Pistols and preaching
Perms and pimping
Pistols and preaching

[Repeat: x16]
Old money

Fuck a ghostwriter, sittin' in the back
Of the studio tryin' to write a nigga rap
It's the Muppet show, most niggas need A&R;
To tell 'em how to fuck a hoe
Ice Cube, true emcee
Write everything I say, even back in the day
I'm a spit it how I feel it, fuck a gimmick
You can keep your catchy lines, I'm bout to write a rhyme
If you got a backpack tryin' to act black
Think you know the culture? You's a fuckin' vulture
You never approached a mic
You're dressed like a dike sayin' what ya don't like
Who deserve five Mics, who deserve two
But the nigga with two still can serve you
This West Coast flow is different than the East
But it ain't no different in the street

I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
(I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke
Oh oh, you niggas got me fucked up


I'm spittin' pollaseeds on the porch with the torch
In case these niggas come around to see the Porsche
When I brandish, motherfuckers vanish
They don't understand like a nigga speakin' Spanish
No comprende, me no speak no Engle
Here now yo' ass feelin' tingley
Now you're doin' shit like Darryl Stingley
Don't get stung by the motherfuckin' stingray
Jumpin' over niggas, y'all better king me
Put your rap careers up on eBay
Crazy Toones is the motherfuckin' D-J
Baby drop to your knees, he deserves a B-J
I got a big brother nicknamed C-J
When you see him in the hood take it easy
If you a breezy, take him to the heezy
Do him like Halle Berry did Michael Ealy

I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke
Oh oh (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)

Quick to twist ya, hit ya, it's the chipper
Pistol gripper, skip-skipper runnin' up in your rear view mirror
Ready to bust with my bandanna, bumpin' oldies
Cube throw me the lob like Odom to Kobe
So I could bust a Crip Walk on these niggas
Yellow tape off these niggas, fuck all these salty niggas
They can't hold our shit
Gangsta rap ain't dead, motherfuckers just stole our shit
All you niggas owe us alimony
All you did was switch your name and ate our style up like ravioli
On your club raps I'm pissin', talk shit I'll knock your Comodi glasses
Off your face under the transmission, nigga
From the West side fuckin' up the program
With the surplus hanky hangin' out the Brougham
Dub Sizzla, dippin' on them 'draulics and D's
Spittin' shells at you niggas like pollaseeds

I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one, 'cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke, oh oh

Now is the time
C'mon y'all

Stand tall, live your life to the limit
Cause haterism seem like a fucking epidemic
And look at Ice Cube, I ain't no gimmick
I'm straight from the hood, I got to represent it
Now, every day I think about my color
And all the crazy shit we do to one another
I ain't your blood brother, but I'm your cause brother
Let's take it back to the love and how it was brother
If not, we goin' pull these triggers
Show the world we deserve to be called niggas
I make a fuck-up, like Don Imus
Bow on his knees, and call me yo' highness
You can too, you got the power to
Don't let this motherfucking system devour you
I won't pretend, or act like I'm knowing you
But check it out I understand what you going through

[Chorus]
But remember, brothers and sisters
You can still, stand, tall
Just be thankful
For what you got

I know what y'all motherfuckers thinking, heh heh
Here comes another rapper with a song about hope
All you wanna hear is a song about dope
And how a nigga got mo' money than the Pope
But he'll never tell you when he drop the soap
No~! Ice Cube is here to drop you a note
Cause some of our folk used to hang from ropes
And some of our people used to hang from trees
Now the only thing hangin' motherfucker is these
So, get your mind right, and I'ma rhyme right
Fuck the limelight, and a blind dyke
I'm the sunlight, too bright to look
When it's all said and done I should write the book
You too cool for school, too old to know?
Get your ass off the grassroots and let 'em grow
I understand, it ain't no love lost
But little kids, it ain't no Santa Claus

[Chorus]

Yeah, for real
I was born in the mud but I came out clean
That's 'til the government tried to intervene
Tried to lock me up when I was only 19
Don't never ever ever let 'em kill your dream
I make shit raw that piss off the law
If you want some fake shit turn this off
If you want some realness I know you can feel this
Maybe we can heal this just like an illness
Black on black, I got your back
People don't think that we know how to act
Just because our neighborhood is filled with crack
And the CIA, won't take it back
Never on top, always on the bottom
Never put your trust in Hillary Rodham
Cause I can tell you now it's goin' turn out rotten
Keep on pushin', get 'em 'til we got 'em

[Chorus]

Stand up, for real
Raise your hand if you sick of this bullshit
Heh, in the belly of the evil empire

California ain't a state it's a army!

One fuckin' nigga in the projects killin'
The same motherfucker that would burn down the village
Where the niggas blunt full of that
You know, who gone take you back to Compton In that 64 two door
Sub woofers in the trunk kickin' that lethal injection
A hood nigga lost with no direction
So he bought a Black Smith and Wesson
Strapped on his vest and that's his protection
At the intersection waitin' on the robber
Cause in the city of Angels it's all about survival,
Motherfuck the 5-0, They wanna see you DOA, welcome to L.A.
Where the ghetto birds flyin' over my auntie's and my cousin's house
Tell me what they buzzin' bout
The little homie got smoked on the corner
And now his momma cryin', dead in California

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

Jumped in my impala took a trip to the swap meat,
The scoop bought EGO trippin' and some white T's
Cause some niggas in my old hood don't like me
Time to put the niggas on check, like my Nike's
Shoulda heard my my nigga Mack 10 on the chirp
All I need is me and my bitch,
If you scared go to church,
Cause in California niggas crack heads for the turf
And life ain't nothin' but Teck-9's and dirt
Dippin' through the the jungles, my Escalade hit a dip
Here come the gorillas in the mist
And they dressed like Ice Cube was in 96
Stone cold jerry curl and not one drip
I sleep with the worms before I swim with the fish
And I ride with my niggas before I roll with a bitch
If it don't make dollars it don't make sense
And I almost got shot because I hit a fence

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

Call the U.S. government and tell em it's a mutherfuckin' code red,
Niggas tried to straight up jack me and now they both dead
Third little nigga got away on his mo-ped
Caught him 'round the corner put the beam on his forehead
Jumped in the impala then smashed through the light
Without a one time in sight,
So I bust a right on Century headed to the L.A.X.
Where there ain't nothin' but fly bitches and checks
In and out of lanes and I almost wrecked
Off Brand a nigga in the 600 throwin up his set
He must don't know I got the 40 on deck
And the teck tryin' be Shot but it ain't time to flex
It's the third this shit happened to me all day
Guess it's time to add another dead body to the throw away
So I turned down my Spice 1 tape and hit the switch
Emptied the whole clip in his fuckin' face

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

Motherfuckers ain't gone learn,
Till the chronic blunt don't burn
And you can't see nuthin' but the ghetto bird light shinin'
Through the fuckin' palm trees,
California ain't a state it's a army

California ain't a state it's a army!

Four or five niggas in a mothership
Better known as a deuce and we all wanna smother shit
Bent, front and back glass got tint
Tryin' to get our hands on some dollars and cents
And fools can't hold us
Every chance we get, we hittin' up the rollers
Comin' up short of the green guys
And I might start slangin' bean pies
Or the bootleg t-shirt of the month
With "U Can't Touch This" on the front
I'm 'bout to get rich
Cause life ain't nuttin but money and fuck a bitch
They drop like dominoes
And if you didn't know, Ice Cube got drama hoes
So after the screwin'
I bust a nut and get up and put on my white Ewings
I'm out the door
All you might get is a rubber on the floor
Cause I'm ready to hit the road like Mario Andretti
Bitch, cause I'm steady mobbin'

Have you ever seen such a sight in your life? (Steady mobbin')

Bustin' caps in the mix
Rather be judged by twelve than carried by six
Cause I'm gettin' major
Fuck Pac Tel, move to Sky Pager
Told all my friends:
Don't drink 8 Ball, cause St. Ide's is givin ends
Fools get drunk and wanna compete
Slapboxin in the street
Niggas get mad, tempers are flarin'
Cause they got a few bitches starin'
Just for the nappy heads
But scandalous bitches, make for happy Feds
I make it my duty to cuss 'em
Out, cause I just don't trust em
And if you tell on me I'm bombin' on Betty
Bitch shoulda known I was steady mobbin'

Have you ever seen such a sight in your life? (Steady mobbin')

Since one-time so hot
Got me a stash spot in my hooptie for the Glock
Cause I'm rollin' on rims
Eating soul food, neckbones from M&M;'s
Grumbbin' like a motherfucker
Greasy-ass lips, now I gots to take a shit
Saw Sir Jinx bailin'
When I hit a left on Ruthelen, "Whattup loc?"
Don't you know that niggas get smoked
That take they life for a joke, get in nigga
I take you to the pad soon
Went to mom's house and dropped a load in the bathroom
Jumped back in my low rider
Comin' out feelin' about ten pounds lighter
Went to Bone's house so I can get the gat
Looking for the place where all the hoes kick it at
Lench Mob ain't nuttin but tramps
But hoes lickin' nuts like stamps
One fool brought the music for the yams
But Ice Cube had more amps, get in bitch
Cause I had the jam on
And I don't want to hear shit about a tampon
Give me the nappy and make me happy
The ho said 'Pappy could you slap me
On the ass hard and fast
And could please try not to leave a gash?'
I said yeah, but I don't play sex
Without puttin' on the latex
Slipped on the condom
Fucked around and dropped the bomb son
And it came out sort of like confetti
In for the night, no longer steady mobbin'

[Ice Cube]
Yeah, Steal The Show baby

[Ice Cube]
I'ma have to ride the ride the ride
Till I find a girl to slip inside
Ice Cube ain't never been shot
Ain't never got got, up in the parking lot
Nigga, Scott Storch will bang the instrumental
South Central here comes the presidential
Pull up jump out the low-rider
A real lyricist nigga fuck a ghost-rider
Dance baby i'm your provider
Yous a fly girl bitch i'ma spider
I'm on that ass like please leave me alone
A few drinks you like please follow me home
I just hope you ain't 5150
Thats a crazy hoe even though she pretty
Ice Cube only one el loco
With the volco put your ass in a choke hold
Stone cold oh yeah fuck the Broncos
Raider down, everybody better lay it down
Think i'm P.G. you must got a squeegy
Are you crazy, down since Eazy

[Chorus]
Here, shoulders, knees and toes
Work that pussy across the flo'
Shake that body, Steal The Show
Ice Cube bitch i'm about to blow (Lets go)
I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Girl you know the game can I get a volunteer
I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Plus a pound of weed do I got a volunteer

[Ice Cube]
Goin' once goin' twice
A nigga nice when I turn off the lights
Tell your friends yo fuck they advice
Cause some time them hoes act like dykes
Cock blockers, pull out your mouth piece
Game over, we up in the range rover
Wake up in the morning with a hangover
Roll over do the whole damn thang over
I'ma roller, took her ass back where I drove her
And we still ain't sober, motherfucker it still ain't hova
Its the super nova, niggas been doin' over
Ice Cube been rappin' since 84'
About the cocaine streets and the po'-po'
Introduce you to my 6-4 low-low
Yeah the one the just pulled out the mo-mo

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube]
Punks jump up to get beat down
Daddy home motherfucker put your feet down
Jump up yall better clean up
Cause I might done pull out this nina
Put your cups up boy if you fucked up
And you got the baddest bitch up in the club
Put your cups up even if she ugly
And it look like the bitch play rugby
We could take me anywhere where the thugs be
When they see me motherfuckers wanna hug me
Its all love cause, its all love blood
Its all love when them niggas thrownin' up the dub
Its all love with the brown and they yellow man
Cause a nigga got money like the Jello man
Mo money, yo money, hoe money
Mama didn't raise no dummy learn from me
Cause I could flip shit fast as bisquick
Mr. Butterworth take it for what its worth
I got them low lows flat like pancakes
Sippin' on syzzurp Fuck what ya hizzerd

[Ice Cube]
Steal The Show baby

[Mike Epps]
You know a lot of these bitches need an antibiotic
Moxacillin', Penicillin, something with a slin' in it
They want a sugar daddy, they want a man on a fixed income
They want man where they can come over to the old mans house
And go in the back porch and get $30 or $40 every here and there
And get in they Honda and ride on off

"Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to
This motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!)
But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz
(Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin'
Emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit!
IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!"

We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay)
When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden
Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate
Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight
I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work
Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go)
We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work
And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked
We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to
Take the coke from Coca-Cola
Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill
The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel
Nigga just sound the bell
Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin'
Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin'
I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves
We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11

I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me
A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy
I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya
Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya
If you stressin' to get buried
My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry
Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy
Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy
Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi'
And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!)
FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants
So I get higher than New York insurance
Try to keep shit clean like Florence
Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance
And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry
Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz

I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues
And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's
I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused
All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool"
A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed
Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge
So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what
To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair
'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there
Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there
They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer
Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare
Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair
When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair
Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted
At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there
Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help
So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self
You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game
Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name
When that other man ain't even present
And deny it when somebody ask him about it
That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic
Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came
That's the way I remain

Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption
My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune
I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm
From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster
Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters
Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs
With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up
Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode
The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over
Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya
Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya
Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba
To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill
'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga
Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don
You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts
Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost
So when y'all done with my style, please break me off
But never make Nas mad just in case cross
'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy
To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry

Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka
He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka
Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka
What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka
See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay
Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50
See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay
When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me
Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle
Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie
I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy
Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit
Even if the DA is a piece'a shit
Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit
Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick
I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs
Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks
When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack
Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks
So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible
No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal
And that's my report comin' straight from Cali
Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale

[Ice Cube]
Ice Cube (yeah!) 
Callin' from a California state penitentiary
(Let me out this motherfucker)
We got over two million motherfuckers locked up
(Let me out this motherfucker) Stop snitchin'

Now how many MC's must get booed
Before somebody say don't fuck with Cube (you know!)
I'll strip you nude (butt-ass) in your living room
Face down, paralyzed from the waist down
I'm a buckin' clown, but don't fuck around
Doin' movies now, but I'll lay you down
South Central style, pull them thangs out
Don't make a millionaire have to send you there
You know the story of the tortoise nigga and the hare
Nigga run nigga run never get there
I'ma walk, fuck a bitch when I get there
Nigga this a marathon, ask Farrakhan
Fuck the cemetery that I'm buried on (fuck 'em)
The blood of Ice Cube got to carry on (forever)
Forever what the fuck are they yellin'?
"Gangsta Gangsta," nigga stop tellin' stop snitchin'

[Chorus]
You can have whatever you want
In the hood, it's do's and don'ts
So when it get hot in this kitchen
Stop snitchin', nigga stop snitchin'

[Ice Cube]
Microphone master, super rhyme maker
Gun blaster, who's the life taker (who?)
Who the fuck is a lifetime Laker?
I slap the Maybeline off Tammy Faye Baker
Who the fuck got more than an acre?
In Los Angeles I got to have paper
I'm a nigga, don't talk to my neighbors
Straight asshole, always up in Vegas (yay yay)
Lay it out for these niggas to follow
Get the point, but these points is hollow
Now this here, is hard to swallow
But if you do it's like hittin' the lotto
Little nigga with big bravado
Hit the throttle niggas hit the bottle
Can give a fuck if they life is hollow
Where the fuck was you, when I rocked the Apollo, bitch?

Ay, who put this thing together? Me, that's who
Who I trust? Who I trust? me, thats who!

Nigga nigga nigga, can't you see
Somehow your words incarcerate me
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee
Lock me up in my prime, Muhammad Ali
Get out whoop yo' ass like Muhammad Ali
Rumble in the Jungle, nigga don't play Dumbo
In the hood nigga known as Columbo
Get the people on the phone, tell the jumble
Spit fluid and swear he didn't do it
Got my bottom bitch locked up with Martha Stewart
She say she had the hoe cookin' deep dish
She say Martha fuckin' cook fish and eat fish
Westside y'all niggas got to peep this
That's your weakness, can't keep a secret
Don't say shit, boy that's basic
They want to send a nigga back to the slave ship
Stop snitchin

[Chorus]

You can have whatever you choose
But out here, it's don'ts and do's
So after we finish this mission
Stop snitchin', nigga stop snitchin'

OK, OK

[Swizz Beatz: Repeat: x4]
One two, in the place to be
You rockin' with Ice Cube, and the homey Swizz Beatz

Keep your fuckin' mouth shut man

Yeah, come on
Bad Azz is here
Come on
All year
Mister 2000
All year
Millennium music
Mister twenty first century

Its like race car lights
Its just like shakin' the dice
Just pray for your life ain't always makin' it right
I'm safe in the light
The subjects to the dangers of all
They aimin' at cha'll
And we the ones mostly involved
It's most of why'all
Trust me, they don't know me to ball
See the truth is I don't feel they owe me at all
The focus is small
A nigga either broke or he ball
And me, I smoke til I choke and I cough, drink til I barf
Sometimes I ain't thinkin' at all
But I don't pray to take my eyes of why'all
These streets don't brawl
(stick 'em up!)
Don't nobody hesitate to drop a body 
Karate can't do nothing to me
I got a shawty if anybody need to penetrate 'em
Now you can die while in the streetz of illustrated
This world was given to me I went here to make it
Now you gon' relate to this, or you either hatin'

[Chorus:]
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
We be in 'em streetz, every single day 
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(See we just write about it, but you can die about it)
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(Now you can be a see about it nigga G about it)

Lyrical Rembrandt
Spend that
Nigga we put that Henn that
Since fourteen been makin' green where you want to go and spend that?
I grin that, hoes
Now I'm all up in that
'Bout fifteen min-at
Car done Lieutenant
Me and Bad Azz is makin' that dash
Smokin' that hash
Spendin' the cash
If they ask
Willin' to mash
When we pass we gon' blast
Who gon' last this aftermath?
Who gon' rock shit after that?
Comin' from a gang bang habitat
Nigga can't even have that
Motherfucker didn't even have a gat
Who the fuck do you think we laughin' at?
Youse a bitch, youse a snitch, youse the nigga that I have to jack
I'm the man, gat in hand, didn't think that I'd have to pack
But I do, fuckin' you, how's your life, can't have it back

These streetz illustrated
(And I know they hate it)
These streetz illustrated
(And you know I'm hated)
These streetz illustrated
(Lyrics nigga play it)
These streetz illustrated
(Rhymes X rated)

We just write about it
But you can die about it
Now you can be a see about it nigga G about it
See we just write about it
But you can die about it
Now you can be a see about it nigga G about it

We be in 'em streetz, every single day
We be in 'em streetz, every single day 
We be in 'em streetz, every single day 
We be in 'em streetz, every single day 
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(See we just write about it, but you can die about it)
 
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(Now you can be a see about it nigga G about it)
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(See we just write about it, but you can die about it)
We be in 'em streetz, every single day
(Now you can be a see about it nigga we about it)
Streetz illustrated, nigga

Its that West Coast slug, that crip shit 
That thuggin' heavy with yo head to get yo grip quick
We here to claim our own gold Daytonas
To slide through in the lak with the ray chrome on 'em
Jump to it, and I ain't never gotta, bounce back
I count stacks
Just cop with me and ounce sack
Announce back
You big mouth hater, you, we hit back
We got slugs in exchange for you
You underminded, we a keep ya here and change the truth
If you can find us we got drugs in exchange for lute
The cops got pictures of our mugs and our gangsta suits
Traffic ain't shit ta niggas like us with a 20 proof
We make it really hot
And those that really cops
Somebody that really shot
See how much you really got
The streetz'll eat you up
If they don't catch you first and beat you up
Nigga the little kids'll eat you up!

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

We just write about it
But you can die about it
Now you can be a see about it nigga G about it
See we just write about it
But you can die about it
Now you can be a see about it nigga we about it

I'm low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude
Just low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude
Just low life'n with this nigga wit an attitude
Just low life'n and I might point my gat at you

[Chorus: Repeat 2X]
Motherfucker
Take a picture, trick!

Don Dadaa uh uh yeah 
You can't see me  but you can feel me 
You can feel me  you can feel me 

It's the world famous supreme team show supreme team show
It's the world famous supreme team show supreme team show
Uh look at me 

I be the one that you love to hate 
I be the one that's from out of state 
I be the one with the nickle plate 
I be the one with the mean face 
I be the one with the bad taste 
I be the one that you worry 'bout 
I be the one that make ya hurry out 
I be the one that make your mama shout 
I be the one that's the cleanest (fo' sho') 
I be the one with the niggas and guns that's the meanest (let 'em know) 

Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tussle (what'cha call it?) 
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tussle (yeah yeah) 

You be the one that we laugh at (ha ha) 
You be the one that can't have that (uh uhn) 
You be the one to get your ass cracked (crack!) 
You be the one that's takin' live rounds 
You be the one that's got to run from them bloodhounds 
You be the one with the eight babies 
My seven ladies, still dressin' like the eighties 
You be the one that just checked in emergency 
You be the one that's a die, in need of surgery 

Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle (ready) 
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle 

It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show

We be the ones that your woman love 
We be the ones that your fellas hug 
We be the ones that you jellous of 
We be the ones with the big guns 
We be the ones with the six-uns 
You should get one 
We be the ones with the dirty spirits 
We be the ones with them bomb ass dirty lyrics 
We be the ones that your kids like 
We be the ones that make you beat your wife 
And hate your life (tell 'em) 

(chorus) {2:51} 
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle (yeah yeah) 
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle (brrrrmph) 

Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle (uh huh) 
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep) 
I call em team tustle (automatic) 

Uh huh, yep, uh huh, yep 

It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show

You got to hustle a dot, no lie to all my people that's down to survive 
Gone and ride 
Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive 
Gone and ride 
Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive 
Gone and ride 
Hustle a dot, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive 
Gone and ride 

Get ya ride on (gone and ride) 
Hustle man hustle man (gone and ride) 
It's automatic 
Ice Cube, incredible, yeah 
I'm on the grind all the time 
Hustle mang, hustle mang, hustle mang

Haha, today was a good day
Sometimes I just get on my knees you know what I mean
And pray to the man with the master plan

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Lord have mercy, my people so thirsty
Come feed 'em, either Jesus or Mohammad
All we get is vomit, come like a comet
Put it in my brain Lord, put it in my stomach
Only you can do it, I'ma learn from it
Do what I gotta do, try not to plum it
America used to shoot like reptiles
Don't worry tomorrow, let's get this right now
They wanna run us in the ground
Educate yourself, before they dumb you down
Get your money boy, the legal way
Beat 'em with they own bullshit if you may
Now rich white men they got the world fucked up
Why should I give a fuck about a Styrofoam cup
Environmental saying, but if I go green
You know what I mean bitch

[Chorus]
Take me away from these people [Repeat: x4]

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
Ice Cube for President, let's just do it for the hell of it
See how I run the government
Make money irrelevant
I might tell a chick, it's illegal to resell of it
Secret service don't know where the hell I went
Sorry yall, I had to fuck a super delicate
Dream ticket, Ice Cube and Obama
American dream, Ice Cube and yo mama
The Terminator, are you Sarah Conner?
Arnold Schwarzenegger, can kill who he wanna
In California, they strap you to a jury
And murder your ass, in front of your attorney
Do you really wanna take this journey?
And scared of none of yall, motherfuckers like Bernie
Mad step back, I got the mac 11
Unlike Obama, I'ma have to back my Reverend

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Now the Lord is my Sheppard
My flow is respected, world wide
In the west I got to rep it
So please check it, cause my style is infected
With the virus, Ice Cube's the ocyeros
I bailed through, they wanna put up in bail view
Cause my point of view is not red, white and blue
It's black and blue residue
I know what crack can do, to a whole fuckin' avenue
Spit on it, and they'll get mad at you
You know I do this bullshit for your gratitude
I'ma nigga with a attitude
I'ma do what I gotta do, just to change my latitude
In the system, rollin' with my diamonds glistening
And niggas listenin', from your local prison
I'ma prism, your only vision is a rainbow in the sky
When I spit the ism

[Chorus]

Tha weekend
All you freak hoe`s freaking
Me and Mack 10 baby come on in
Tha weekend
This shit got you tweaking
Who tha fuck want to steal what they got?
It`s tha weekend
All you freak hoe`s freaking
Me and Mack 10 baby come on in
Tha weekend
This shit got you tweaking
Who tha fuck want to steal what they got?
It`s tha weekend
 
Yo, I`m looking for tha weekend
The weed got me tweaking
Plus the sticky green got the whole room leaking
I make the kind of shit that get a freak hoe freaking
So pump the bass and check my mic level when I`m speaking
And to you haters out there I see you peeking
So I keep a glock and leave your punk ass leaking
I hear you creeping, even when you`re sneaking
Gimme a reason, if it`s on then I`m squeezing
It`s tha weekend!
 
In the streets, ain`t enough ghetto for me
So bad I gotta lug the heavy metal with me
Don`t hang out on your block, I got plans to bubble
Only time you seeing Tech is when I`m causing trouble
Weekend, get my cheque, I`m flossing double
Out the house, running game like I`m off the huddle
Wonder how tough my ride?
Man, niggas cuff they bride
And come home from work three, stuck outside
 
It`s tha weekend
This gat got you leaking
For speaking out of turn, nigga got to burn
Make em squirm, watch em do the funky worm
You got to learn, every fucking thing you earn
Tha weekend, tha weekend, tha weekend
You can`t fuck with weed spin
Tha weekend, tha weekend, tha weekend
You can`t fuck with weed spin
 
I`m a hoo-bangin` rider, retaliator till I`m leaving
Mash my opponents till they no longer breathing
I`m hatin to parole these killas and weed dealers
My niggas there ride hoochie bitches and three-willers
Dick em strong and long with a groupie or ?bougie? hoe
I like em in a thong when they make their booty go
Run swipe up in, baby bulge and do I get em
When it`s on my niggas get sure in em then I send em
 
Ain`t that no mission in the butts is ain`t nothing to me
Up in the club, haters don`t want nothing with me
I been a hog since you niggas was cuffing ya lees
I never hog, I`m looking down at nothing but flees
In your town, I crawl up, nothing but these
Like "Hey ladies!" Yea, who leaving with me?
"Hey fellas!" You need to leave immediately
If you don`t want your ass whupped repeatedly
This is tha weekend!
 
It`s MC`s please, we split through on threes`s, wudda
Dayton off the ground laying, like "Whoa!"
I coast through your blocks slow
I`m H20, boy I got that wet flow
To douse your flame, I`ll get that up out ya man
You plot, I`m sorry I shot ya man
See me whippin on the freeway, the LBC way
On the three-way with ?J-Wide? and pack
Hell yea, I`m riding with Mack
 
Mack 10 outside all night selling rocks
Patrolling with the deuce-five burning my socks
This weekend is your life, dying today
Next weekend is your wife, crying at your wake
Punk bitch screaming like "I can`t believe they killed him!"
Fuck nigga with a stainless plate, we wouldn`t have peeled him
The hoo-banging attitude, with the gat-titude
Seven days a week and make your forehead leak nigga!
 
It`s MC`s please, we split through on threes`s, wudda
Dayton off the ground laying, like "Whoa!"
I coast through your blocks slow
I`m H20, boy I got that wet flow
To douse your flame, I`ll get that up out ya man
You plot, I`m sorry I shot ya man
See me whippin on the freeway, the LBC way
On the three-way with ?J-Wide? and pack
Hell yea, I`m riding with Mack

I do gangsta Rap
They want to blame the world problems on Gangsta Rap
It's our fault,
Cause motherfuckers are dieing in Iraq
It's our fault,
Cause motherfuckers is starving in Africa
It's Gangsta Raps fault,
That people are poor
Can't get enough to fucking eat or live their life
(That's bullshit)
That's rap musics fault.
It's rap musics fault,
We got all these god damn laws, and restrictions and shit we can't do
(That's bullshit)
They blame it all on us
I'm blamin' them motherfuckers for Gangsta Rap
Because if they didn't create these kind of conditions
I wouldn't have shit to rap about
You know what I mean!

A'right, a'right, everybody back up, star status comin' through.
The man is in the building.
Don't touch him, don't look at him, and don't ask to take a picture.

I walks in, with that California swagger
With that attitude that it ain't nothin' badder
Now you can call me rapper
Or you can call me mister
Big money trapper, fuckin' with your sister
I'ma do it my way, from here to Zimbabwe
It's too hot today
Fuck what you got to say
Fuck if you mad at me, better go change your battery
Ain't gon' take my sunshine, like I hit the lottery
Ah, he's a show off, a hot head go off
Yeah don't make he mad
He might tear the fucking door off
Take all his cars, and don't try to fall
Cause one of his people, might cut your fucking toe off
Ice Cube baby, make you take him serious
Everthin' I say, ends with a period
Everthin' I do, ends with you curious
Lookin' for the best rapper
God damn period.

(Thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap

Comin' live from Los Angleas
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm coming

When I step up in the spot
Is he a thug or not
Is he a Juggernaut, no I'm a astronautic
Nose all in the clouds, y'all think I'm too proud
Got to stay above the crowd, How you fuckers like me now
Some of y'all start to smile
Some of y'all start to frown
Some of y'all back up
All niggas start to clap
Now I gotta act up, kinda like Bobby Brown
Better call for back up, when I shut this lobby down
When will you realise the cycle will continue though
Commercials for hatorade.
Boy is it in you
Hate to see me comin'
?
Me and my ladies
Superman and Wonder Woman
He think he the shit, the shit think he me
So come smell mine, I bet it don't stink
I am the link, the food and the drink
The colour in the Kool aid, the nigga in the meat
(Don't trip)

(Thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap

I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm comin'

Thank God that 
The gangsta's back (Crazy remix style)

When will they realise, they'll never stop me
They call me arrogant
They call me cocky
Just because, I wont let them chop me
They want to whoop my ass, but this ain't Rocky
I'm as hot as a habotchi ?
Star child comin'
And I promise y'all I'ma keep it one hun'ed
'Yall promise me you wont T.R.I.P
Or I'ma have to hit your ass with a 2-piece
Hit you with some rice and two more sides
Don't you know my niggas turn haters int' mash potatus
I'm the macaroni with the cheese nigga please
When you see me on the red carpet, down on your knees!

(Thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God)
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
Thank God the gangsta's back 
And we don't gotta put up with this brainless rap

I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you saved a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I'm comin'

Dr. Bruce, telephone please, Dr. Bruce, telephone, please

C'mon, c'mon, honey, push a little harder, it's not all that bad
I see the head
Push! Push!
C'mon!
C'mon, push!
C'mon, honey!
Push!

It's a boy

The black man and black woman have no further!
No beginning and no ending, before alpha, and after omega!
History and historians'll record
The black father and mother of morality, medicine, music and mathematics
The father and mother of all the nation of
Religion, philosophy, art, science and civilization!
No further!
All they can say about the black man
Is he was, he is, and he shall be!
Before him there were none
And after him, there will be no more!
Before we can make a way for the peace maker
We must kill, and get rid, of the peace breaker

It's like a holocaust to the boss when I toss 
Too much knowledge kicked then you're lost 
In a shuffle of feet  Jinx the fiddler 
And I control your mind like Hitler 
You bow and vow to authority 
See now  a sucker with a style just boring me 
So I show K.N.O.W. 
L.E.D.G.E. it might trouble you 
Then I transform like a Deception 
With a mic as a bomb 
In my right palm 
But I don't stay calm 
So panic 
Others can't flow so they go schizophrenic 
You thought I dropped a dud in your face 
Until you taste the blood of the bass 
Then you faint, or better yet pass out 
When I'm on the mic, believe it's ass out 
You think you're raw so you draw 
You lose, you're hung, you bite your tongue 
The whole town saw in awe as you strangle 
A noose on your neck, and you dangle 
From side to side in the blazing heat 
You're beat, you're dead, the fools fell off 
You feel you're turning red, it's said 
That your head burst 
And this is only the first verse 
Of the bomb 

Don't break up the fight let them rumble 
Over the years I've watched some go super-bad quick 
Now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach 
Now ask yourself, who's stupid? 
I take funky funky beats and I loop it 
And pimp slap you in the face with the bass 
And the boom from the bomb that I drop 
Stop 
You have a flat top as a fashion 
I love Black women with a passion 
But when they gotta go and show their ass in 
I gotta clown the hoes, yeah 
You gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres 
They'll steer you wrong 
Ice Cube's got it going on, hit me 
For the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhyme 
The system ain't wholesome 
They want to put a young brother in Folsom 
And others see me on lockdown 
But I come up foul then they get knocked out, word 
To the brother that rolls the herb 
Everybody getting knocked to the curb like that 
Jinx got the gat, and it's a fact 
He'll kick a funky beat to peel your cap 
Now who's the mack? 
Who's the hoe? 
Who's the trick? 
I got many, many styles won't you take a pick 
But don't be alarmed 
When I trip and stumble and fumble 
And drop the (rewind) 
Drop the bomb 

I'm solo, you ask how I'm living 
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon 
With the L, the E, the N, the see, the H, 
The M, the O, the be	, the great 
Lyrics that make the beat swing and I gotcha 
It's the hip-hopper that don't like coppers 
And if you try to upset the pot son 
You get kicked in the chest like a shotgun 
I make the beats, I make the breaks 
I make the rhymes that make you shake 
Make you find 
Ice Cube never caught in the middle 
I make shit to kick you in the ass a little 
And still never hesitate to stutter step 
Or bust a repetition on the mic 
Still dissing all the hype 
From left to right 
How many left to fight? 
So what that Lench Mob like?

[Intro - Sleep]
Hey wassup Cube?
Man I'm glad I caught you at your momma' house homey
Wassup man? You still got your pager right or you lost it? 
(It's the curse, the curse....the curse, the curse)
why'know my code right? I been pagin you for about a week man
(The curse, the curse) I heard about the deal ya got
Greed, Khop (The curse, the curse)
Check this out, you owe a nigga somethin man

[Ice Cube]
Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)
Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)
Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)
Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)

It's the curse of money, once you get it, fool you got it
Buy a new pair of drawers and motherfuckers spot it
Niggas plotted, to have me knotted up in basements
till these cocksuckers see what they're faced with
Their fantasies of a life stress-free
Full of orgies, in the Florida Keys
But this bullshit is so thick, it's like mountains
Sick of threatenin all my lawyers and accountants
The decibals, gold diggers goin for the testicles
Soon they realise, I don't invest in hoes
Sometimes it's like hell on earth
When everybody tryin to get your ass for all your worth
It's the curse

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math 

When you hot, they think you got more than you got
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop
I just laugh, the curse everybody want to have
Before you sell your soul better do the math

I start to scream shit like "May day, may day"
'cause motherfuckers think it's all grav-ay wit my pay day
And like I said, it's the curse of money
They start laughin at your jokes when they ain't that funny (Ha ha ha)
See this ass kissin yes man
Shakin hands with the left hand, get my weap-an, get to stepp-an
Fuck every phony ass nigga round me
Stick a shaft up your ass like Richie Roundtree (Yea yea!)
Got to have some gas money if you goin
If not who you fuckin? Who you flowin? Who you owin?
In '98 don't shit come free
Not even hard rhymes that's describin these hard times

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, do it
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, aha
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math, ooh wee

When you hot, they think you got more than you got
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop
I just laugh (haha), the curse everybody want to have
Before you sell your soul better do the math

[Mack 10]
To relax I smoke a stick, the shit make me sick
Gotta gang of new homies, and relatives on my dick
No time for drama, busters get sprayed
Bitches want to get laid, and everybody need their bills paid (Everybody)
Motherfuckers, sweat me like a spy
They want to kick it 'cause I, got the curse of mulah
Make me want to start scrappin and look at me to make it happen
What the fuck was they doin before Mack 10 was rappin ?!? Tell me 
(What the fuck?) how can I remain a man of seven figures
when I'm rushed by gold diggers everytime I get bigger? (Ch-ching)
Like David Banner, when I tweak I turn green
And everytime I'm seen it's like people start to fiend
It's the curse

[Ice Cube]
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (aha)
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (1 million, 2 million)
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (3 million)
(The curse, the curse) Do the math 

When you hot, they think you got more than you got 
Yeah they do
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop (Motherfuckers)
I just laugh, the curse everybody want to have
Before you sell your soul better do the math (Better do it)

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
Get the fuck outta here
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
With dollar signs in your eyes
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby (Ha ha, sheeit)
(The curse, the curse) Do the math 

[Outro - Ice Cube]
Leave your ass broke
Rabbit ears, nigga for pockets, haha he
I'm cursed! Hahaha, but I love it

Niggas are in a state of emergency
The death side, mirror damage of where we are today
The life side a vision of where we need to go
So sign your death certificate

Fuck all, y'all
Lisa got him

Alright, on three, one, two, three
Come on brothers we gotta walk this way
Can't believe it man
The homeboy, hey, open that door
Open it, alright 'right

We've come together by God's demand
Whether it be for life or death
Well, this morning, it's over the mourning
Of one of our little brothers

This brother was a good brother
He didn't get into an excessive amount of trouble
But it's one thing, it's one thing, it's one thing
He was the wrong nigga to fuck with

[Ice Cube]
I love chrome and paint, lookin' for some motherfuckin' corners to bank
West coast what the fuck you thank?
Everybody here off weed and drank (everybody)
Before you check my rims
When you leave the parking lot, check ya limbs
You better check ya friends
And see if ya baby momma left with them
Blacks and Mexicans, stop all that bullshit in the pen
Understand that is us verse them
They can give a fuck if we sink or swim
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
I got to show my ass
To thank these motherfuckers for my past
In South Central, Los Angeles, Grandmama smoke cannabis
Granddaughter wanna dance and shit, her own momma can't stand the bitch

[Chorus: x2]
If you fuckin' up, pray to the game lord
Wanna bust a nut? Pray to the game lord
Nigga get ya cup, pray to the game lord
You can throw it up, pray to the game lord

[Ice Cube]
I love where I from, hungry ass niggas better get you some
Smart ass niggas play dumb
Y'all can't fuck with the city I run
If I snap my fingers, better curl up just like a fetus
I hope you know Jesus
Because if you don't, boy you will see us
Where? Up in your house, two double barrels up in your mouth
You got some explainin' to do
And don't get the line 'cause we aiming at you
(Ewww!) It's a doggy dog world baby, you a nut and I'ma squirrel baby
Can I get ya in my world baby?
Can ya grease my Jerry curl baby?
Did you flip yo' wig
To let Michael Jackson baby sit yo' kids?
That nigga old as hell
They need to throw the motherfuckin' momma in jail
Let 'em know

[Chorus: x2]

[Repeat: x2]
Fuck wit this if you want to, the game lord will punish you
Punish us if we ain't true, to the game like we 'pose to

[Ice Cube]
I'm the game lord, y'all come now
Casanova niggas, got the sun down
Run down every hoe that wanna go shoppin'
Get they kids, take 'em to the mall, buy 'em somethin'
Are you a gentleman?
Big bear wit a nigga named Gentle Ben
Ladies, he'll be yo' friend
Wait for the cable guy, even let him in
Not me, I won't flex or bend
Just 'cause a hoe promise me some trim
You better get wit the rest of them
Cause can't none of y'all even fuck wit Kim
Some niggas was born wit hoe in 'em
I was put on this Earth to spit ism
And I shall return like it's written
And slay all the suckers who be sippin'

[Chorus: x2]

I dedicate this to my world doug strugglers
I hope metafy you with peace and all hustling
I'm busting, for y'all niggas
Cause your my niggas on tha realer
Beground these streets for stacking peeler
For the dealers, save back on your teams
And underestimate with these who do
You get the paper and then get of the street
Y'all remember, you'll never give the money and the dope to me
Cause I won't give a shee to a nigga starvin
So we can fluss and blow weed hangin' with the warden
How many niggas on the quad who don't giva a fuck
Survivin' struggls hiting licks out the hippie club
I'm just a homie out the hood who did something
So why are you fronting
I'm in for ten years and I'll still wanted
You heard me homie! 
Or do you try to tell it to the dumdums
They call you niggas
And niggas try steel were they come from
I bring the front to all my homies out riding
Help a homie get on his feet, and we'll all riding
Sange, and fange in this game, but it's true
Be sure that you'll respecting the power, and that's you
Never forget the neighborhood were it started
The ghette south eight is my hood and my hearts with the

Ghetto,
Ghetto.
I can't get out of here
Ghetto
Nigga
Ghetto 
I can't get out of here

I represent the southeast, of southeast
Millennium motherfucker and kay-doo were ya at
(one time) bring tha rockas
Cause motherfuckers being talkin' for so long
But now I'm down with the innerface clik and it's on
Give a fuck were you're from nigga
And kay-doo always represtentin'
That nigga is a fact I've lived in it
Now look at me, y'all can't steel rabbit
For all y'all niggas talking that shit, I'm still strapping
Will I strapp ya?
Niggas with all that hot capit
Niggas packin' in fake and it ain't happening
Will you think we're smacking
That yellow road is steady packing
The home of the ghetto slangin'
And car jacking
Nigga, I ain't acting
I was brought up in this bitch
From the O.P's and all down to the eastwike
Even flat Joe's and even the lingwood is all hood
For the Christ your all driving is all hood
The ghetto

Ghetto
Ghetto
I can't get out of here

I got give it up to my ghetto niggas
In the ghetto, bitch, looking for them ghetto licks
Getting ghetto rich
Knowing that the steam in the book flip the gang
Quick to get my telephone turned on in my mama's name
This ghetto slang is some shit that can beat collage,
You ain't fucking with this hustla with street knowledge
9 to 5
Still fliping twenties on the side
Try to get by the feints
I'm making dollars out of fifty cents
Got the big body Benz, with the wheels on it
A cellular phone with no bills on it
Get your ass on this, got to fill on, still want it
Baby, lean on it, and I can put the kill on it
You gotot strap a nigga lie like a singer
Putting your baby to sleep
And turn of your ring and you can catch me on banewick
Looking sick in a six
And some schweiz on my wrist
Now picture this
You got to blow, cause to many niggas out for Mr. Jackson's dope
Y'all niggas got to go, to the ghetto

Ghetto,
Ghetto.
I can't get out of here
Ghetto
Nigga
Ghetto 
I can't get out of here

Deathwall is the site
When the mic be light
As twice as ship advice to my homies who write me in te pine
Now the sale is hell but kids keep sending me mail
With their liberty bell, so I can tell you about the half
And who got cow for riches, and sending bithces, 
I'm making bitches
I remember when I just to get beat with extension cars
And we slanged by to see were my house was
Started stealing out of my mama's perce
Now that she's gone
She lives thrue my songs
And it sure hurts
I couldn't have treated her worse then in the ghetto
And turn our women's into widows
Sick to see my homie that I ain't with, trade with, payed with, laughed with
Dead in a casket.
To my pumps we can reach the top
But you got a chance to get of the pop
If you see your chance baby take it
I was the last mothafucka in the world who thought I would make it
But look at me now, a six on the beach in greeze
Check from the motherfucker streets of the ghetto

Ghetto,
Ghetto.
I can't get out of here
Ghetto
Nigga
Ghetto 
I can't get out of here

featuring Ice Cube 



The guppies dup dup dup 

(Repeat dup dup dup 3X) 



Verse 1 (Cube) 

It's a feeding frenzy 

with guppies all around the edge 

nigga if you tryna get fed you in the red 

eat you up  beat you up 

If that don't work heat you up 

Now you wearin' white (punk) 

smellin' like Fahrenheit 

Niggas  fleas  ticks and parasites 

tryna get a crumb off the turntable 

Stick your nose in my bowl it's fatal 

you Kane I'm Abel 

Nigga you know we checkin' quotas and dollars 

nigga you no the pecking order we follow 

sayin' that we got to holla, if I can quote you 

But the king of the jungle never meet with the vultures 

never been a sucker never been fake (never) 

Never tried to make all I can make (never) 

Represent my niggas 'til the bow breaks 

but haters hate we can eat steak by the lake. 



Chorus 

The Guppies dup dup dup (Repeat 4X) 



Verse 2 (Mack) 

What a beautiful day, clear blue skies 

my murder ones block sunrays from my eyes 

Twistin' triple gold so I gotta pack heat 

Lay the titanium and flame up the street 

down the boulevard with my hand on trigger 

fools hittin' me up like who is that nigga 

Ruuff ruuff you know who it is 

Mack 10 punk top dog in showbiz 

I cocks the revolver ready to start gattin' 'em 

but what I look like set trippin' and I'm platinum 

I hesitates put down the trey eight 

keep pushing to the hood 

make sure my folks is straight 

Outta control a nigga ballin' like Shaq 

gave my momma money and slid the homies sacks 

And it's like that about the bank wad 

the more cheese ya got the more killas on ya squad 

for the guppies 



Chorus 



Verse 3 (Cube) 

Okay we hollered fake as hugs check my wallet 

driving to the crib make sure no nigga followed 

Called up the mighty one O (what you want to do) 

turn these bitch niggas to snow (how many 1 or 2? It's on you) 

Westside battle cry my alibi first class 

hella high when you die 

I'm changin' standard time with the yuppies 

but fuck them to and you 

you askin' who  (Mack starts at 'The Guppies') 

Brought Mack Manson back to life 

I kill niggas without a gun or a knife 

I gave the order is he dead? (yep) enough said 

and all my followers got W's on they forehead 

Murderers and they kill on command 

walk around like zombies with Techs in each hand 

For Mack and the Don wet you up like neon 

freeze you like freon you fuckin' peon 

The Guppies 



Chorus 

(bubbles) 

Chorus 

Eat you up.

featuring Kam and Ice Cube 



[Chorus  Ice Cube] 

With tha boom and ping! 

Listen to the ill shit that I bring bring! 

(repeats 4 times) 



[Erick Sermon] 

What's the 411? 

Erick Sermon  Ice Cube  and Kam are here to get the job done 

So back the fuck up! I have an attitude  dude  I'm 'bout ta get rude 

I'm buckin' out shots during my interlude 

Right about now I'm 'bout ta get corageous like the cat 

Got the gat in the corner of my back so get the bozack 

The American Dream, the people choice pick 

I flip more vowels than Pat Sajak's white bitch 

I'm bad ask Michael Jackson's dad about E-Double 

The mack fram, the black superman made of steel 

The mic I'm holdin' is a Samson 

E-D the Green Eyed Bandit in raw fashion 

I'm lettin' niggaz know my territory 

My ground is rugged. I kill a million niggaz so fuck it! 

Nick knack paddy whack give a dog a bone 

Once again it's on with the brand new song, yeah boy! 



[Chorus] 



[Kam] 

God damn, not Kam! 

But I'm afraid so, I lay low like a brick 

Quick to make a cameo, so hand me your eardrum 'cause here comes the 411 

Little devils don't go to heaven, 187 on a saltine cracker 

Smack a, paranoid busta so don't make me have to act a fool 

What's up? Now you can determine 

The West Coast niggaz is down with Erick Sermon on the G tip 

We trips hard on the opposition 

Three niggaz on a mission so listen to the Ill Shit 

'cause we'll get wrecked! 

What you expect! Fuck a rain nigga take a chin check! 



[Chorus] 



[Ice Cube] 

Well here I go again, throwin' up the W 

Ice Cube and I'm down wit' E-Double crew 

Pullin' up in my homie's black 6-4 

Hittin' switches but mine's a convertible 

Matched to the West side, still got the 2-2 

'cause some niggaz don't believe in a gang truce 

Personal shit what is this??? EPMD, goin' out of business? 

God damnit! Can't leave my dog stranded...the green eyed bandit 

Picked up Kam cause my nigga need a ride. Fuck a peace treaty 

But still have the 4-5...glock cocked for the clown 

Yeah we down pulled up and echoed sound 

Don't ya know that we can drop 10 of these, dope tracks 

So fuck all our enemies! 



[Chorus]

Now that's how this shit go!
And I know you don't like me spittin' in your motherfuckin' face
But ain't a motherfuckin' thing, you can do, about a nigga
Punk motherfucker!

Some people may say well, you over-dramatized it
No we're not, it's not a drama workshop, it is a reality
Things like that do take place in prisons
The murders, the suicides, as well as the rapes
Do take place inside these human warehouses

[Ice Cube]
Nigga I'm a hustler, act like I'm lovin' ya
Don't mind fuckin' ya, just like the Governor
Used to be the dope man, rolled a hundred spokes man
When I come through, treat me like the Pope man
Ghetto spokesman, I know niggas
in Eastside Oakland all the way to Brooklyn
And they love my shitty drawers, what you smokin'?
Think you got the balls, nigga I'm a Trojan
Catchin' all that just like a prophylac'
Don't reproduce, that bullshit is whack
Flavor Flav with a white bitch that is whack
Got to put the nigga back in my Cadillac
Take him to the hood, where it's action packed
Let him know that the target's still on his back
It's a hustle called capitalism
Got my niggas in prison, all stuck in the system yeah
Recognize who's a hustler, George Dubya
He's the one that's sittin' back, fuckin' ya
With a big dick stuck in ya
I'm from a place where the fuckin' Terminator is the Governor

(I got a Public Pretender, tryin' to make me a winner)
(Nigga please don't surrender, they'll have you for dinner)

[Chorus: Ice Cube]
The ghetto is a nigga trap, take the cheese
Soon as you do it here come the police
Invented and designed fo' us to fail
Where you goin' end up, dead or in jail

[Ice Cube]
You only got two places
State of California, got two faces
Motherfuckin' devils, get straight racist
When they get you in them lonely dark places
Concrete slave ships, never move
Where niggas like us get used like a mule
Don't let 'em catch you, arrest you
Strip and undress you, throw you in a cesspool
You wanna know the crime of the century
A ghetto elementary, a mental penitentiary
Black man, you never been friend of me
Boy you kin to me, why we enemies?
The ghetto is a trap
Fuck where you from, nigga look where you at
Where you wanna be? Point it out on a map
Don't be scared to leave homey, we can come back
If you wanna come back to this bullshit
Most of it comin' straight out the pulpit
We got to change our ways in the hood
Understand that it's AIDS in the hood

The nigga trap

[Chorus: x2]

(I got a Public Pretender, tryin' to make me a winner)
(Nigga please don't surrender, they'll have you for dinner)

"In The Deep Dark Bowls of the 
Underworld order must be maintained. 
Without a strict and unforgiving 
Chain of command  chaos is inevitable" 

Whats up youngsta since your the new booty 
And don't know nothin' I gotta show ya bout 
The peckin' order. 
Its the order in how we do 
Things and move things. 
See somebody gonna 
Tell you what to do  after I tell that 
Motherfucker what to do. 

It's the peckin' order (echo) 
It's the peckin' order (echo) 

We got the power to make you niggas sour 
Big fish, whale like itchy cower 
Steppin' out the shower it's the peckin' order 
Ax ya daughter how we peck, inspect 
High class ass the projects 
Push my Lex to the California range 
Southern lane 
Infamous skeems is on the brain for my connect game 
Put a strain on every leak and I chain (that's right) 
We all get ?
Take a svornnotes to make a see notes 
Doin' all tha howdy bullshit floats and niggas don't 
Some niggas don't gangsta paradise say nothin' nice 
Yeah we livin' so tight we need Jesus in our lives 

It's the peckin' order 
It's the order how we do things and move things 
Only fuck wit the true things 

Havin' heavy in the course whit the world of depression 
Messin' wit the wrong bitches never learn our lesson 
Stressin', no guessin', never question even when we playin'
We testin', confession 
Do you still want to meet wit the killers
Hold accountable for anything you repeat 
It's the peckin' order, ask your daughter how we peck 
When we smoke you it's your best friend we suspect 

It's the peckin' order 
It's the order how we do things and move things 
Only fuck wit the true things 

Now come on, come on partner, come on. 
(it's the pecking order) 
I don't want to hear none of that shit man, 
All that cryin' and beggin' and shit. 
To be honest whit you that shit really don't even 
Affect me in no kind of way partner. 
You wastin' your motherfuckin' time. 
(it's the pecking order) 
Lets get this shit goin', lets get it over wit 
Come on back here, back here, I can't make no motherfuckin' mess right here 
Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself. 
I know you want a motherfuckin' open casket 
Where your people can see you and kiss on you. 
But you are pissin' me off 
And I will blow noodles out you motherfuckin' head 
And none of that happens after that 
So come back here, come on, right 
Come on, ey but you know, one more thing before I do this 

(Bam) 

It's the peckin' order (echo) 
It's the peckin' order (echo) 
It's the peckin' order (echo)

You can run but you can't hide from the westside 
Night stalker  shit talker  run and tell them Mr L.M. 
Nigga with the gat and I'm back 
Off the everyday prey that I slay 
Rolling with the fo' chase ya through South Central 
Monkey wrench ho's should know that  she'll get the balzac 
Cause I'm not staving  but fuck that 
Johnny Carson ho' never had me on the Late Night Show 
Coming with the shit that'll hitch 
Steady mobbing cause the flavors good 
There goes the neighborhood nigga with the third album 
How come he don't fall off? 
Rolling with the sawed-off gauge 
Turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture 
But you know Anita, she can get the Pita 
Eat 'em up yum, and your flawed 
Mutha-fuck Billboard and the editor 
Here comes the Predator. 

Check your head for the new style 
Fuck Lawrence Powell and Presino, Wynd and Koon 
Pretty soon we'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em 
Riots ain't nothing but dodge for the system 
Fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace 
If any, even if we fuck up Denny 
Niggaz are sick of your white mans tricks with no treat 
That's right, now it's on, on sight 
You call me a Muslim, no I'm not a resident, still got my vote in 
Farrakhan for president, a white America, I'm tearing ya 
A new ass ho', who's the nigga with the new black 
Strolling to your suburb house and I douse with gas 
Now who's cleaning up trash? 
Eat 'em up yum, and your flawed 
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor 
Here comes the Predator. 

Get my black rag showing and I'm ?
Kiss my grips like ? or Mel's Diner 
I'm meaner than a motherfucking Hyena, chasing Antelope 
Put a chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a Cantelope 
I can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em 
Talk about dog's, boy I can sling 'em 
Ratta-tat-tat on your noggin 
Cause Ice will cream your ass like ? chocolate 
I get crazy when I catch a rap 
Even be flipping the toungue like ? Das-Efx 
So who is Ice Cube? 
I'm a rapper, actor, macker 
Got a little problem with the redneck cracker
Get the polly, whack her, ? is a devil shit-packer 
Coming with a crazy pitch 
And the statue of Liberty ain't nothing but a lazy bitch 
Don't want to give up the crack to the black 
But you call it racial, if we go and break the ho' 
But eat 'em up yum and your flawed 
Mother-fuck Billboard and the editor 
Here comes the Predator

[Repeat: x 4]
The world is mine (*whispered* the world is mine)

The world, belongs to me
Niggaz don't know my pedigree, W-S to the see
We be them hogs, that make it rain cats and dogs
We got the "Bud" just like them frogs

Now everybody on the West, show some love
And everybody on the East, respect the Corniche, it's not on lease
Breakin laws, swimmin through the water like Jaws
Gumby's pause, and take they drawers, no balls

God damnit, niggaz take my planet for granted I can't stand it
Catch a flight across the Atlantic
Step off the plane, nuttin but expense of the game
Bitch I'm rich you know my name, show me the cane

Now are you sure? One hundred percent pure
'Cause if it's not, believe me the shit gettin hot
I got a plot to make your whole family deaf dumb and blind
(tell em one more time) the world is mine

[Chorus: x 2]
The world is mine nigga, back up
I got's to get mine before I act up

It's a quarter to eight, I'm not finished my plate
I got a phone call to make, my niggaz tell me it's fake
Oh what a mistake, here's what I want you to break
Tie his feet with some weight, throw his ass in a lake

And then set up a date, between me and his mate
Tell her lobster and steak, and bitch don't be late
Oh the pussy was great, I'm still sealin your fate
'Cause you can't imitate, the nigga you love to hate

[Chorus]

Can I grin, show my fin, I'm down with mack 10
Dub-see, K-Dee, and Kausion
It don't stop, niggaz get to bowin a lot
When we enter the spot, look all the niggaz we got

Worldwide, nigga take a look outside
Got a brother named Clyde, he's like Jekyll and Hyde
Ice Cube is the lick, Westside is the click
(Can't get enough of this gangsta shit)

You want to check our cajones we got the feds up on us
We gotta roll on Daytonas because we know that they want us
And if they catch us in rap, it's a reasonable doubt
My niggaz pointin me out, my momma scream and she shout

But we got enough green, from our triple beam
To hire the prosecution, and the dream team
This world ain't nuttin but a dollar sign (ching ching)
I'm a partner in crime, the world is mine

[Chorus]

[Mack 10]
Yeah, you punk ass niggaz know the side, so check it
When you meet us, you better bring your heaters
Cause the only way you could beat us, is if you cheat us nigga

Chorus
[Mack 10]
We tight, ha hah
Where you from nigga?
Where you from nigga?

(tell them one mo' time) 

[Repeat: x 4]
The world is mine 

Ha ha ha, Westside

God damn, it's a brand new payback
From the straight gangsta mack in straight gangsta black
How many motherfuckers gotta pay
Went to the shelf and dusted off the AK
Caps gotta get peeled
Cause "The Nigga Ya Love to hate" still can "Kill at Will"
It ain't no pop cause that sucks
And you can New Jack SWING on my nuts
Down wit the niggas that I bail out
I'm platinum bitch and I didn't have to sell out
"Fuck you, Ice Cube!", that's what the people say
Fuck AmeriKKKa, still with the triple K
Cause you know when my nine goes buck
It'll bust your head like a watermelon dropped from 12 stories up
Now let's see who'll drop
Punk motherfuckers tryin' to ban hip-hop
Fuck R&B; and the runnin' man
I'm the one that stand, with the gun in hand
Make sure before you buck wit duck quick
Punk, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with

"I'ma let y'all know one thing man"

Hell yeah it's on, you better tell 'em
Ice Cube and I'm rolling with the motherfuckin L.M
It's the number one crew in the area
Make a move for your gat and I'll bury ya
Ashes to ashes, dirt to dirt
Punks roll when I put in work
Cause Lench Mob niggas are the craziest
And y'all motherfuckers can't fade my shit
South Central, that's where the Lench Mob dwell
Hittin fools up with the big ass L
One time can't hold me back
Sweatshirt, khakis and crokersacs
Stop givin' juice to the Raiders
Cause Al Davis never paid us
I hope he wear a vest
It's all about the L-E-N-C-H y'all know the rest
Muthafuckin' crew, muthafuckin' mob
Do a muthafuckin' job in a muthafuckin' squad
In '91 Ice Cube grew stronger and bigger
And I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with

"One-and-two, ah-three-e-and-ah-four-and"
"Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute"

Drop a old school beat!

Like I said, it's a brand new payback
Now in '91, let's see whose beats get jacked!
Sir Jinx grew a little bit taller
(Keep the wack beats out)
True motherfuckin' baller
And hoes can't roll on
Even bitches looking like En Vogue gotta "Hold On"
Don't let me catch Daryl Gates in traffic
I gotta have it, to peel his cap backwards
I hope he wear a vest too, and his best blue
Goin up against the Zulu
Break his spine like a jellyfish
Kick his ass til I'm smellin shit
Off wit the head, off wit the head I say
And watch the devil start kickin'
Run around like a chicken
Grand Dragon finger lickin'
Yo, turn him over wit a spatula
Now we got, Kentucky Fried Cracker
Mess with the Cube, you get punked quick
Pig, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with!

"Last person in the world you wanna fuck with"

All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard
The West coast warlord, and the future is today

Cause tomorrow, that shit never come
I worry 'bout today and this urban decay
I worry 'bout hip-hop, when did it flip-flop
Get whack, and turn into gridlock
I don't know is it a government plot?
I don't give a fuck whether you love it or not
That's all we got and if you throw it away
You dumb as OJ, off a forty
In your Izod, this the rap God
What you goin' put up, in your iPod?
Downloader, what you go/in' do
When your favorite MC, got to sue you
Cause he got to eat ain't nothin' taboo
Get your ass beat by Erykah Badu
Cause you wanna steal this good music
Put me out of business, now you lose it

[Chorus]
Tomorrow, don't you worry about tomorrow (that shit never come)
This is very hard to swallow
Keep your hand up on that throttle
Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow

Tomorrow, I'ma handle my business
But today, I'ma drink this liquor
Cause tomorrow, I might be a little quicker
But today, I'm just the same old nigga
You know that shit is still a day away
Do yo' thing baby put your life on layaway
Cause everybody is Nostradamus
Boy don't you know that tomorrow ain't promised?
To all the lil' mamas
Don't do a nigga, like Isiah Thomas
If you a bitch, please be honest
Actin' like a hoe you're not an an-gel
While you're, daydreaming 'bout your future
Motherfucker come around the corner and shoot you
Don't you, get stuck in neutral
Put your shit in drive, while you still alive cause

[Chorus]

Tomorrow! That shit never come
I know it sounds strange but today is never done
I'm up in the Range when the clock strikes 1
While y'all countin' sheep, I'm countin' Benjamins
Up on my feet at the break of the sun
President of the Gangster Na-tion
We don't go to war, we go to the store
We rob from the rich, and give to the poor
Hip-Hop, oh what a bore
Lettin college motherfuckers run the front door
(Fuck that!) Let's take it back to the streets
Don't let Viacom, dictate the heat
The nerve of them, I never heard of dem
Askin' me about, my urban spins
And if I got about, a thousand of them
I'm a crate MC, accordin' to them
Fuck that!

[Chorus: x2]

All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard
The West coast warlord, the future is today
Get your grind on man, get your grind on man, get your grind on

[Ice Cube]
My ego, is big as Heathrow
Yup this a lethal, easy as a free throw
Yes this negro, is rather lethal
You about as lethal, as a mojito
Be my amigo, eat my burrito
You a fuckin' seagull, up in Francisco
I'm up in a Regal, still in my pea coat
Murder's what she wrote, this is mo' evil
This is less than zero, don't be a hero
Nigga I'm a pharaoh, with double barrels
Goose bumps, hair rose, when I shoot these arrows
at your Camaro, pullin down Melrose
Still down with Elkos{?} 'til the fuckin' cell close
Nigga don't test me, you're gonna fail those
They should arrest me, blow like Dizzy Gillespie
I don't aim where yo' vest be (bang)

[W.C.]
I'm too hot, to stop, walkin' up with two Glocks
Way more than two shots, that'll make your roof drop
House shoes, blue top, money like I move rocks
Dissin' will get you socked, and yo' bitch move wop
Whole crew popped, by this old school new shot
G niggaz still keep my weed in a shoebox
Dippin' rollin' through blocks, dippin' while the crew pops
Eatin' chicken dinners in my cutoffs and tube socks
Play my shit a lot of deejays they do not
Cause me and bitch niggaz don't mix like two cocks
Who knocks with them pocket rockets that'll shoot dots
Have your skull on the news lookin' like goulash
When they ask who the top don't mention us as foolish
Eat yo' ass up like a pack of barracudas
Put the barrel to ya, like we never knew ya
Send the metal through ya, Da Lench Mob shooters

[Maylay]
I know vatos and they get popped most
Niggaz that flip mo' chicken than Bosco's
Squattin' down the block low, hop in that hot fo'
And I can spot Poles when they not in cop clothes
Squabble with the combos, Maylay got those
Crates or case, boxloads like they came from Costco's
They be poppin' bottles, we knockin hollows
Promise by tomorrow I can have the spot closed
Talkin' pronto, somethin' like a lotto
Chips and cheese fuck meat, nigga these nachos
Speakin' on guap' though, cause that's a combo
Keep my green on the side like it was cilantro
Comin' with the honchos, that's in a stock Rolls
And everythang up out they mouth is like the gospel
It won't stop flow oh I'm not though
Lench Mob, big swanger, don't bang is the motto

[Chorus 4X: all]
Motherfuckers tell me, I'm too West coast
They act like they scared of me, I'm too West coast

The Grand Wizard
Ice Cube
[laughing]
(I am the West, Cube!)
(Got another one)
(I be tellin' these niggaz and bitches on the bottom)
(They need to drink some of this Kool-Aid)
(Drink the Kool-Aid bitch!)

[Ice-T]
How many bullets can your back hold, suckin from the HK
The red dot`s on your dome, from the light ray
Boom bam bust oh shit kid, your head is a pile of puss
I`m kickin up much dust, the nigga ya can`t trust
This is my shit, my hood, my turf

My gold, my grip, whatever the fuck it`s worth
I don`t need nobody comin in my territory
Tryin' to rip a nigga off and fuck your fuckin sob stories

[Ice Cube]
Take a good look at my motherfuckin' jacker
About to feel the wrath, of a greedy ass cracker
Pale as snow, so you know the hoe stand out
Comin' in my hood with his hand out

Tryin' to get over on the black, but the motherfuckin' mack
Will put a fuckin' slug in his back
And with the boom ping ping, it ain`t no thing to blast
On greedy motherfuckers that trespass

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube]
Olly olly outcome free, here come the G
I`m saggin, and Enter the Dragon like Bruce Lee
I gots to get mo` money mo` money
Can`t get pussy with no money
See I`m kind of greedy, cause all my heroes
got zeroes in back of a one
Here`s my gun, about to get paid at last
But now I`m gettin covered, in dirt and grass, kick it
[Ice-T]
The madder I get, the higher the debt, the deeper you get
The thicker the sweat
Cause I`m a nigga with fat clout
But ya in, but ya gotta get back out
No easy job, for some suckers is out to rob
Crosshair on your dome and your mind`s blown
You want to go home... ain`t that a bitch?
Cube, dig the ditch (yep)
Chorus
[Ice-T]
I got a full time job of takin suckers out
Breakin em off, yea word, I love revokin clout
Test me, stress me, who could the best be?
The teflon nine go through vests G
But when you`re greedy you don`t care about life itself
You`re chasin extreme wealth
You can`t be trusted cause trust ain`t in the fuckin game
Scandalous is your fuckin name
[Ice Cube]
I`m the motherfucker you`re stuck wit
Ice Cube -- "Wronnnnnnng nigga to FUCK WIT!"
I`m rich, pitchin a bitch about gettin mo`
The big fish, swimmin in big dough
The G backstabber, I got ta have a
Lexus Coupe, when I troop
with the ski mask, gotta get the cash
My homeboy ain`t home, so fuck it I`ll trespass

It's the nigga ya love to hate with a new song
So what really goes on
Nothing but a come-up, but ain't that a bitch
They hate to see a young nigga rich
But I refuse to switch even though
Cause I can't move to the snow
Cause soon as y'all get some dough
Ya wanna put a white bitch on your elbow
Moving out your neighborhood
But I walk through the ghetto and the flavor's good
Little kids jumping on me
But you, you wanna be white and corny
Living way out
"Nigger go home" spray-painted on your house
Trying to be White or a Jew
But ask yourself, who are they to be equal to?
Get the hell out
Stop being an Uncle Tom, you little sell-out
House nigga scum
Give something back to the place where you made it from
Before you end up broke
Fuck around and get your ghetto pass revoked
I ain't saying no names, you know who you are
You little punk, be true to the game

When you first start rhyming
It started off slow and then you start climbing
But it wasn't fast enough I guess
So you gave your other style a test
You was hardcore hip-hop
Now look at yourself, boy you done flip-flopped
Giving our music away to the mainstream
Don't you know they ain't down with the team
They just sent they boss over
Put a bug in your ear and now you crossed over
On MTV but they don't care
They'll have a new nigga next year
You out in the cold
No more white fans and no more soul
And you might have a heart attack
When you find out the black folks don't want you back
And you know what's worse?
You was just like the nigga in the first verse
Stop selling out your race
And wipe that stupid-ass smile off your face
Niggas always gotta show they teeth
Now I'm a be brief
Be true to the game

A message to the oreo cookie
Find a mirror and take a look, G
Do you like what you see?
But you're quick to point the finger at me
You wanna be the big fish, you little guppy
Black man can't be no yuppie
You put on your suit and tie and your big clothes
You don't associate with the Negroes
You wanna be just like Jack
But Jack is calling you a nigger behind your back
So back off genius
I don't need you to correct my broken English
You know that's right
You ain't white
So stop holding your ass tight
Cause you can't pass
So why you keep trying to pass?
With your black ass
Mister Big
But in reality, you're shorter than a midge
You only got yourself to blame
Get a grip, oreo and be true to the game

Turn on the radio take a listen 
What you're missing 
Personally I'm sick of the ass kissing 
What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation 
Nowhere in the nation 
Program directors and DJ's ignored me 
Cause I simply said fuck Top Forty 
And top thirty top twenty and top ten 
Until you put more hip hop in 
Then I might grin but don't pretend that you're down with the see 
And go and dis me in a magazine 
How could you figure the brother could dig ya 
DJ face down in the river 
No it's not a threat but a promise 
I'm as 
Crazy as they come see 
Mama didn't love me 
All I got is my nine 
And to calm the savage beast here's the Alpine 

Turn off that bullshit! 
Turn off that motherfucking radio! 
Turn off that bullshit! 
Turn off that motherfucking radio! 
Turn off that bullshit! 
Play the music motherfucker put the music on 
Damn!

Tune in to the radio listen for a minute 
Yo G stick a fucking tape in it 
Cause all the radio do is gangle 
That R and B love triangle 
If you're out there kicking it with the brothers 
You don't care about lovers 
You want to hear a young nigga on the mic 
Going buck wild 
Throwing and flowing and showing new styles 
That's where I'm coming from 
Reality that's what they're running from 
So if you're down with Ice Cube let me know that you know 
Yo turn off the radio 

You know what? You know what? 
Basically those black guys and those rap guys 
They don't know what the fuck they're doing 
I hate those fuckers 
I hate em 
Especially that one guy 
The AmeriKKKa's most wanted 
Ice Cube, I hate that fucker 
Get him off the air, get him off, get him off 
Get that rap shit out of here!
Just get me a gat so I can smoke this motherfucker!

Mr. Dirty Harry, you look really scary
With your .357, officer Kevin
Spent 11 years on the force trying to get mine
Head got the flat top, boots got the spit shine
Don't give a fuck about my neighborhood
Just wanna do your eight hours, then hit the showers
Shoot a brother down adn you don't send flowers
Goddamn sherrif, can't wait to tarriff
A chunk of a nigga ass, but watch a nigga blast
And get away nigga fast
You ain't gonna have me face down no more
You ain't gonna have a chance to clown no more
To the boys in blue, I got kids too
Ain't going out like a jigaboo, no no no
On my way to the store
You see me in a Range Rover, now you gotta pull me over
But where oh where is the ticket?
You got your hand on your gun cause you're wicked
You don't like the face of the original man
But you gotta treat me like an individual man
Talk right and I'll talk right back
Show some goddamn respect to the black
Cause I gotta get back to my wife
But I'm sorry, you ain't gonna take my life

Just because you got a badge
Did you think Ice Cube was gonna wave the white flag?
Cracker please, you can yell freeze
I'd rather die standing up than die on my knees
You think you can do anything you want to do
To my crew when you come through, man fuck you
Shooting up South Central
Catch your ass slipping at a rent show
Could have popped you off, one dead cop
But I know you got a wife and a dog named Spot
I show a little mercy cause I'm civilized
Looking through a nigga's eyes at a much bigger prize
But when I saw Rodney it got me so hot
Made me wanna go out and pop me a cop
Cause every time you see me sagging
Here comes the Grand Dragon, in the motherfucking patty wagon
Try to play me like a trick
Sometimes you act like a dick, Mr. Nightstick
Back then, I used to throw my Mack-10
But nowadays you got the black skin
Back then you don't like the voice of a nigga named Ice
But you ain't gonna take my life

You man let's get an understanding
I know that your job is demanding
But I only got me one life to live
You only got about six shots to give
And I got a big AK with a 50-round clip
So why should we trip?
You ain't gonna punk me, so what you trying for?
Ain't no job worth dying for, is it?
Might pay a visit to Petey Wheatstraw
When you stop me on the shore, officer of the law
And if I did something wrong, you can lock me up
Never never never gonna sock me up
So next time you have the urge, all of the sudden
To fuck with a nigga for nothing
Think about me, a brother that's 23
I got a son and a J-O-B
So before you pull your gun, you'd better think twice
Pig, cause you ain't gonna take my life

Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop, until we drop

Krayzie Bone and Ice Cube
The best thing in life in life is life (uh-huh, uh-huh)
Get your mind right, and get your grind right (we gotta keep goin')
Hey young thugs (we gotta keep goin')
Get your mind right, and get your grind right
Hey young thugs
Get your mind right, and get your grind right

Look into my eyes if you want to know me
Before you hypnotized, homey what do you see
A figure that's just a little bigger than dealers
A hustler countin' figures ain't pulled no triggers
Can you dig us, we be the ultimate lick
We's the hitters, that make the ultimate hits
Kinda flossy, kinda bossy
It's gotta be done my way, do what the {fuck} I say
Top of the pyramid, homey what I tell you
If you leave this Westside umbrella you hit the cellar
Bring me my slippers, black robe, and my globe
And I could rule the world with my eyes closed
(with my eyes closed)

[Chorus]
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You better go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop
Krazyie Bone and Ice Cube
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You better go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop

To all the little homies that's watchin' TV
I see you tryin' to be a O.G. like me
Chasin' dreams, pullin' mo' schemes for wealth
But the best thing in life is health, be yourself playa
Television it'll keep yo' ass wishin' forever
You'll never get you life together
Don't talk about death, I got too much life to live
Too many orders to give, what it is, showbiz
Taught you what a trick and a hoe is (what?)
Showed you what a Six-ty Fo' is (what?)
Lord knows, "In God We Trust"
And everybody in the world want to be like us (everybody)

[Chorus]

To the kids of the world that's waitin' for wealth
Waitin' for health, you better do for self
Homey that's yo' last cup
Forget about the fast buck; boy, get you ass up
People use yo' brain to gain
Do something that ain't never been done; and we can spend hun's
Wipe our ass with twenties, light our joints with ones
Throw away the guns, have nuttin but fun
And homey we could do that {shit}!
Police have a fit, when yo' paper's legit
We gotta get off the phone, we gotta teach our own
Send your baby to school and she'll come back grown
We got to talk to our grandma's
And she'll help us through them dark halls, and them pitfalls
Everybody know we got the world to gain
We got to stop the pain, lord stop the rain

[Chorus]

Keep goin', little homey why you slowin'?
Keep rollin', little homey why you slowin'?
Keep rollin', little homey why you slowin'?
Keep rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'

Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Yeah young thug, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
(get your mind right, and get your grind right)
Yeah young thug, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours (Ice Cube)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
(the best thing in life is life)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
(I got to say it twice)
Yeah young thug, the world is yours
(the best thing in life is life)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
(get your mind right, and get your grind right)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Hey young thugs, the world is yours
Yeah young thug, the world is yours

Google me bitch
I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch
Ha ha, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, yeah
I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch
Try to Google me bitch, listen

[Chorus 1]
I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Fuck with the kid, and I'll turn, into Damian
Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is
Don't even ask, stupid ass, am I famous

[Ice Cube]
(Are you famous?) My resume is heaven's way
of tellin y'all that God will make a way
I rock a motherfuckin mic 'til the break of day
Darrell Dawkins flow, y'all need to make a breakaway
Microphone fiend with that guillotine killer team
You motherfuckers won't amount to a hill of beans
When I ride by, well over 35
Y'all still run and hide, scared of a driveby

[Chorus 2]
I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is
I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Google me bitch, wanna know, if I'm famous
Google me bitch, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, I told her
Won'tcha Google me bitch, try to Google me this

[Ice Cube]
I'm urban, and ordained
Your little ass is kind of churban, and propane
Your little flame is like a flicker
And my bang, is off the motherfuckin Richter
I'm hard liquor
Cirrohsis of the liver
Black lung is what I deliver
That's what you get, if you ever try to smoke the nigga
Don't provoke a nigga, I'm from that urban community
Lookin for some unity, fuckin you and me
I only bang shit true to me
With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me?
Nothin, I only bang shit true to me
With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me?

[Chorus 2]

Could you tell me who released our animal instinct? 
And the white man sittin' there tickled pink
Laughin' at us on the avenue 
Bustin' caps at each other after havin' brew 
We can't enjoy ourselves 
Too busy jealous
At each other's wealth 
Commin' up is just in me 
But the Black community is full of envy 
Too much back stabbin' 
While I look up the street I see all the japs grabbin' 
Every vacant lot in my neighborhood 
Build a store, and sell their goods 
To the county recips
You know us po niggas, nappy hair and big lips? 
Four or five babies on your crotch 
And you expect Uncle Sam to help us out? 
We ain't nothin' but porch monkeys 
To the average bigot, redneck honky 
You say comin' up is a must 
But before we can come up, take a look at US 

Break em off some

And all y'all dope-dealers
Your as bad as the po-lice cause ya kill us 
You got rich when you started slangin' dope 
But you ain't built us a supermarket 
So when can spend our money with the blacks 
Too busy buyin' gold an' Caddilacs 
That's what ya doin' with the money that ya raisin' 
Exploitin' us like the Caucasians did 
For four hundred years, I got four hundred tears for four hundred peers 
Died last year from gang-related crimes 
That's why I got gang-related rhymes 
But when I do a show ta kick some facts 
Us Blacks don't know how ta act 
Sometimes I believe the hype, man 
We're messin' up ourselves and blame the white man 
But don't point the finger you jiggaboo 
Take a look at yourself ya dumb nigga you 
Pretty soon hip-hop won't be so nice 
No Ice Cube, just Vanilla Ice 
And y'all sit and scream and cuss
But there's no one ta blame, but US 

Break em off some

Us will always sing the blues 
'Cause all we care about is hairstyles and tennis shoes 
But if ya step on mine ya pushed a button 
"Cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin' 
Just like a beast 
But I'm the first nigga ta holler out (peace, black man)
I beat my wife and children to a pulp 
When I get drunk and smoke dope 
Got a bad heart condition 
Still eat hog-mogs an' chitlin's 
Bet my money on the dice and the horses 
Jobless, so I'm a hope for the armed forces 
Go to church but they tease us 
Wit' a picture of a blue-eyed Jesus 
They used to call me Negro 
After all this time I'm still bustin' up the chiffarobe 
No respect and didn't know it 
And I'm havin' more babies than I really can afford 
In jail 'cause I can't pay the mother 
Held back in life because of my color 
Now this is just a little summary 
Of US, but y'all think it's dumb of me 
To hold a mirror to ya face, but trust 
Nobody gives a fuck about

(Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)
I see them niggas
You see them niggas?
I see them niggas

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate, waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (wait) waitin' to hate

Get your ride on, ride on
This ain't the day for you to die on, die on
I'm a nigga that they lie on, lie on
See these shoes you want to try on, try on
Yo, we can go to war with the enemy
All we need is A.K.s and Hennessy
This ain't back in the days of Tennessee
Pull the trigger and release the energy [shots]
See motherfuckers run till they catch one
In the back, and it might cause a cardiac
Bitch act like he died and we brought him back
Him screamin' for his mama and his sister pack
Flat line
These niggas want to act like
They ain't never had a full can of act-right
Make me pull out my gat, right
And smoke his motherfuckin' ass like a crack pipe

So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in motherfuckers
So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in muthafuckas

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate, waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (hate)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate

Get your smoke on, smoke on
Here's another verse to choke on, choke on
To all my niggas in the pen, get your yoke on
To all my thugs in the house, get your loc on
We can really give a fuck about a broke home
All we care about is bitches we can poke on
Nigga, what's that bullshit that you spoke on?
Better roll on 'fore we split your whole dome
Cause you're fuckin' with Ice Cube the Terrible
Fuck around, I make your life unbearable
Make you live all scary and careful
Come through my neighborhood, you better tip-toe
Cause if you loud, then you might get chased down
Westside Connection catch a case now
Po-po's find your monkey ass face down
Tell your mama that you in a better place now

So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in motherfuckers
So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in motherfuckers

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (wait)
Waitin' to hate (hate) waitin' to hate (look at them bitches)

(Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)
'You can hate me now'
(Ain't no 'California Love') Ah-ah (Love) (Love)

To all my niggas with the lleyo
They rock it up like Play-Doh
They cook it up like Waco
Better do what I say so
Better lay low, cause you fuckin' with a halo
Death to the niggas with the big mouth
And death to you devils from the Old South
And death to you hoes turnin' tricks out
And death everyone that go the bitch route
Check it
If you infected by this record
Bow down butt-naked
And pray to God
Ice Cube won't spare the rod
Westside Connection here to mob, nigga, rob
We can take it to the streets
We can take it to the concrete
You niggas know where the Don be
You bitches ain't tryin to find me
All you haters need to shut the fuck up and get behind me

Look at them niggas just waitin' to hate (look at em)
Waitin' to hate (look) waitin' to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin' to hate (ugh)
Waitin' to hate (ugh) waitin' to hate

So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in motherfuckers
So what you sayin', motherfucker?
We ain't playin', motherfucker
A.K.'in motherfucker

This is dedicated 
To them haters
Who ain't goin' kill nothin'
And who ain't goin' let nothin' die
You know em
You know em
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collar
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collar

1, 2, 3, 4
Get you a bitch up on the floor
You gotta get up and get down (Walk!)
You gotta get up and get down (Walk!)

To the West, march
Bang, crease the starch
Uh oh, here we go again
Off the chain, that Dub SC gang
State yo name

Ice Cube motherfucker

What's your name

Mack 10 motherfucker

Well bang on, swang on 
Cause on mine I'm a G on, Dub see let a scene on
Get my green on, with my white sling on
Weather my rag in, with my khakis cuffed and dragging
Three wheels, make the heat squeal
This West coast shit is the shit that we built
Who want to bust with or fuck with him, and confess
y'all can't fuck with it, I'm out the roof with it, bang loose with it
Dub see, from that Dub SC
Fo sho to make ya peeps slang off the cheese man

[Chorus]
Walk, walk
Niggas let me see you walk
Walk, walk
Bitches let me see you walk
Bitches let me see you walk
To the West, march
Calling all cars, niggas look hard
Near park cars, after dark
Get toe start

Ice Cube motherfucker, I represent this
Don't mistake the masked up for the apprentice
All you bitch ass niggas are defenceless
Like a Catholic priest, and bout ten kids
It's Sunday school, I run you fools
You ain't gone do shit
I got the flip shit, to plant
Spit it like I'm gone spit it
Niggas want to get it, but they won't admit it
I'm connected and committed
All the way bided, while you bullshitted
I'm on exhibit, like a pitbull off the chain
Motherfuckers gone flip out, ropes get ripped out
Niggas gone trip out, crip out, get a four-fifth out
Get bout, with a brick house, with my dick out saying fuck ya
My whole career, I kept it gangsta and hustla

[Chorus]

It's for the ghetto and the gutter every time I spit
For niggas that walk off that funkadelic shit
I just might go psycho, and grab the automatic
And let one off for the gang bang addicts
Cause I'm west side connected like a hand in the glove
And I'm the gangsta rap nigga that the D-Boys love
Hopped out braided and valeted in the front of the club
I hit the do' niggas speak, I hit em up with a dub
And even on the east coast, I rep Hoo Bangin
Iced out, creased khakis with a red flag hanging
Fin to bust a bitch to give head, that's eating the jaw
And if I let my hair down, all the hoes all hoes
Get ya hood, ya polo, ya tribe, ya?
And ain't no niggas in the game that can beat this group
Mack 10 and Connect, is the hood I claim
We do the damn thang, and it's off the chain

To the West, march
Calling all cars, niggas look hard
Near park cars, after dark
Get toe start
Get toe start

[Chorus: x2]

Look at this shit 
Coming together like sweaty ass cheeks, nigga
Keep it gangsta y'all 
Please believe it
Keep it gangsta y'all
My niggas thug out 
Keep it gangsta y'all
You getting drug out
Keep it gangsta y'all 
These bitches loc out 
Keep it gangsta y'all
When we smoke out. 
Keep it gangsta y'all. 
Cause we chromed out 
Keep it gangsta y'all 
I bought the bomb out 
Keep it gangsta y'all
Hear ye, hear ye!
Call me...... hogs 
Fresh out of the hole tank 
Bouncing off the walls 
Dub-see, the Bandanna president 
With the gauge on the handlebars 
Rolling through your residence
Running the scene. It's the king of the cars
Down, baby in my new all stars 
Gangsta's What are the gangstas 
None of them make me 
Riders throw your heaters up 
Throw em' up 
Ladies, Old Gs
Sorry that I've been gone
But now I'm back to get my walk on 
Swang with the gang as I reach out and touch yeah 
Throw my cup and get ignorant out this motherfucker 
Mayday, mayday back in charge 
Cutting all costs. Cutting all costs 
Dip. Skip-skipping through the lane with the bang, bang, bang jingle
Hopping under the SS. Working them ankles. 
Dubs shiesty for scrillias 
And I brought my homeboy 
Hell yeah, the mother fucking villain
One to the two to the three to the - hello 
Look at these Gs working these... 
Here come the villain with another heater 
With mother fucking, Dub, nigga in a two seater 
Hold my nuts while I west, west y'all. 
Ride 2
Grab that microphone and I test, test y'all 
Villain Mericone I be like all over y'all 
Who want to ball with that black nigga Red? 
Like the dime nigga 
I'm supreme hustling 
W.C. 
Give a fuck if these bitches don't love me
(Chorus) 
I want to bang - I want to ride - I want to slang 
From my side. You and I. 
It's do or die 
We can roll till the wheels fall off 
And let these mother fuckers know they got to peel us off 
I want to bang. I want to ride 
I want to slang. From my side
You and I. It's do or die 
We can roll till the wheels fall off 
And let these mother fuckers know they got to peel us off 
Gangsta
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. 
Up under the gun. Running a game 
Waddada day
Wadada day 
Dub lock it
Let your flag hang from your back pocket 
None of them. None of them None of them
Can't none of them get wit me. 
Peep my style but you can't get rid of me 
I heard your see walking now. 
We'll who taught you?
What you could see who? 
Nigga, why I out to smack all the spit out yah
Beat the shit out yah
Get out the dump and stomp it
Dip into the 600 
Sagging in my overalls. Blunted 
Thinking of ... 
Quit fronting 
Cause gangsta shit WC running
Head hunting
Steadily pumping. 
I come though punking
Ya'll for ya'll rodies 
Shooting a life style like Colby's 
So shut up and kneel to these West Side parolees 
and pass the 40s
Cause can't none of you bustas hold me 
Ride 3
We got the niggas. We got the bitches 
We got the killas. We got the riches 
We got the dealers. We hit the switches 
We got every fucking thing you want 
And we can get it, punk-ass nigga, if you don't
We got the niggas. We got the bitches 
We got the killas We got the ritches 
We got the dealers. We hit the switches 
We got every fucking thing you want 
And we can get it, punk-ass nigga, if you don't
Who that nigga that you fucking with?
Who?
When you want to hear some motherfuckng nigga shit
Ooh
Called a villain and I bring hot lyrics
.....Hit your bitch 
Nigga ran wit it
Ya'll need to quit it
This shit legendary
Fuck around with us and your mama get buried
Your fist born and that bitch you just married
Who give a fuck bout that baby she just carried
Up in all black like my fucking skin tone
How the fuck you gonna talk a bout the villain? 
You a phone
Biting every time you bust
Who gave all your balls a ...
Weak motherfuckers better say us
So if it ain't rough, it ain't my shit
Might have been....my bitch, it ain't my dick
Hate my click
Bitch mad cause I won't hit
Or a nigga I ain't fucking with
It's the villain
(Chorus)
I want to bang. I want to ride 
I want to slang. From my side
You and I. It's do or die. 
We can roll till the wheels fall off 
and let these mother fuckers know they got to peel us off 
Gangsta
Please believe it
Please believe it
Please believe it....

Ice Cube the great! 

"He has indicated to us that he has sufficient, firepower,
To, blow up the Bradley vehicle,
And in fact his words were  
"We are ready for war, let's get it on'" 

War "War and peace" 
Sing it! 

[Chorus]
War and peace (Sing it!) 
War and peace forever! 
War and peace together always! 

I'm at the highest peak, still glad the meak is understandin' me 
Artillery, thoughts of killin' me is just a fantasy 
The man in me is ready for war, like Holyfield Tyson IV 
A gang against you niggas on the shore 
Either or, your whole family is on the floor 
Windows breakin' all around em, you can't climb this mountain 
I'm at the fountain, with my troops 
I start screamin' at em like Patton, we gattin at you fools! 

[Chorus] 

Negotiate, strategy is the key! 
I hope they ain't, exclusively after me! 
Cause if they are, we gots to be who we be! 
And make a star, out of a head enemy! 
The papers said, that he died tragically! 
They found his head, with no legs and bo-dy! 
We made a pledge, to the Dub-S-see! 
Bloodshed, if they got no love for peace! 
Sing it! 

[Chorus]

I'd rather break bread than uh, break your head 
Break your legs, have em broken, I ain't no joke 
Don't provoke, the gun smoke from the highest slope 
Eternal peace, for my peoples and my folks 
My crips and my bloods, criminals and my thugs 
Just show a nigga love when I'm rollin' on them dubs 
Just, give a nigga hugs, we can ride on this piece 
Westside for Life but still down with the East 
Sing it! 

[Chorus: x2]

After the haters attempt to blow up his car 
We find our hero, Ice Cube, on the ground 
Bruised, but not beaten 
He pulls out his cell phone, with the chip! 
And begins to dial Mack One-Oh 
Who's faded and rolling through Inglewood 
With Mr. Short KHOP 
Words, are spoken

Yaeeyaae uh huh uh huh brrr 
We be clubbin' 
Heyy hey heyy heyy look here look here first of all I want to welcome 
All y'all broke ass entreponiggas to the Player's Club. Yaeeyaae 

[Verse 1: ]
It's packed niggas don't know how to act 
We the macks V.I.P's in the back 
With a stack of numbers 
My niggas like 'em dumber 
We oughta get 'em smarter 
Baby take my order 
The only shark that swim in Henn no water 
Got ya daughter doin' shit you don't think she oughta 
Gave the order to slaughter any ass like that 
You know how the loni act off the cognac 
Brainiac with maniac Mack 10 (my nigga) 
Down ta get this mothafuckin' party crackin' 
Nigga back in so we can smoke a dub 
Down ta bump all these bitches at the club (Yaeeyaae) 
Show me love 

[Chorus: ]
We be clubbin' 
Everybody likes when the girl 
Shakes something 
Nigga don't pull nothing (That's right) 
We ain't dumping 
We just bumpin' and bangin' 
Like it ain't nothing wrong 
Get ya club on (We be clubbin') 
Ah, we be clubbin'(we be clubbin') 
Yaeeyaae (we be clubbin' we be clubbin') 
[Verse 2: ]
We gettin' in free so what the fuck now 
WSCG just touched down 
Show a nigga 'round 
Least take a nigga to the sto' 
(Y'all in fo the night?) 
Hell no 
Security bail slow up in the club 
Remember when they push & shove 
It's only love 
Dubs for everybody waitin' on us 
And fuck everybody hatin' on us 
Debatin' on us but we only visitin' 
Ain't tryin' ta fuck with niggas in lizard skins 
I see you watching me, you should watch her 
'cause if she sick of yo' shit I'm the doctor watch her 
Show her to the car 
& see how bad she want to meet these stars 
They know who we are (Where we going?) WESTSIDE 
Nigga meet me by the bar 

[Bridge: ]
Shake it off shake it off take it off 
Break it off break it off make it soft (4X) 
Brrr (we be clubbin') uhh (uhh) (we be clubbin' 2X) 
Verse 3: 
Baby beware Ice Cube is on tilt 
Waitress bitchin' off the drinks my nigga spilt 
Everybody's sweatin' like it's Armageddon 
1999 party over oops I'ma still grind 
Straight from the West put away yo' 9 (click click) 
DJ can ya play my shit one mo' time 
Goddamn you fine (my nigga speak on it) 
She got ass for days (put a week on it) 
Now everybody in the world love to go clubbin' 
And after the club it's either breakfast or fuckin' 
Hope we ain't duckin' from haters in the parking lot 
Who ain't got nothin' tryin' to prove sumthin 
Frontin' we be the niggas who be bluntin' 
On our way to the Marriott keep 'em very hot 
Westside hittin' hairy cock all night long 
Get ya club on! 

[Chorus] 

[Bridge] 

[Chorus:]
We be clubbin' 
Everybody likes when the girl 
Shakes something 
Nigga don't pull nothing (That's right) 
We ain't dumping 
We just bumpin' and bangin' 
Like it ain't nothing wrong 
Get ya club on 
Homeboys show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
Homegirls show me love up in the club 
Security show me love up in the club 
Owners show me love up in the club 
Waitress' show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
Bartenders show me love up in the club 
L.A. show me love up in the club 
The Bay show me love up in the club 
Chicago show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
St. Louis show me love up in the club 
Miami show me love up in the club 
New York show me love up in the club 
Detroit show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
Houston show me love up in the club 
K.C. show me love up in the club 
Denver show me love up in the club 
D.C. show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
Atlanta show me love up in the club 
Memphis show me love up in the club 
Dallas show me love up in the club (Yaeeyaae) 
I might spend a dub. Bitch!

("Peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city
To the best of our ability. Riots, melees and disturbances
Of the peace are against the interests of all our people; and
Therefore cannot be permitted.")
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty")
("We've been told that all along Crenshaw Boulevard
That there's a series of fires. A lot of looting is going on.
A disaster area, obviously.")
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty")
[Cube] Make it rough
("A lot of activity continues here at this command post.")
[Cube] Make it rough!!
("We have sporadic fires, throughout the city of Los Angeles.")

Not guilty, the filthy, devils tried to kill me
When the news get to the hood the niggaz will be
Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust
Kickin' up dust is a must
I can't trust, a cracker in a blue uniform
Stick a nigga like a unicorn
Born, wicked, Laurence, Powell, foul
Cut his fuckin' throat and I smile
Go to Simi Valley and surely
Somebody knows the address of the jury
Pay a little visit, "Who is it?" (Oh it's Ice Cube)
"Can I talk to the grand wizard," then boom!
Make him eat the barrel, modern day feral
Now he's zipped up like leather tuscadero
Pretty soon we'll catch Sergeant Koon
Shoot him in the face, run up in him with a broom
-stick, prick, devils ain't shit
Introduce his ass to the AK-40 dick
Two days niggaz layed in the cut
To get some respect we had to tear this motherfucker up

"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"

I gotta mac-10 for Officer Wind
Damn his devil ass need to be shipped back to Kansas
In a casket, crew cut faggot
Now he ain't nothin' but food for the maggots
Lunch, punch, Hawaiian, lyin'
Niggas ain't buyin, ya story, bore me
Tearin' up shit with fire, shooters, looters
Now I got a laptop computer
I told you it would happened and you heard it, read it
But all you can call me was anti-semitic
Regret it? Nope, said it? Yep
Listen to my big black boots as I step
Niggas had to break you off somethin', give Bush a push
But your National Guard ain't hard
You had to get Rodney to stop me, cause you know what?
We woulda to' this motherfucker up

"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
[Cube] Make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
[Cube] Hey Muggs, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"

It's on, "Gone With the Wind"
And I know white men can't dunk, now I'm stealin' blunts
And a cake from Betty Crocker, Orville Reddenbacher
Don't fuck with the black-owned stores but hit the Foot Lockers
Steal, motherfuck Fire Marshall Bill
Oh what the hell, throw the cocktail, I smell smoke
Got the fuck out, Ice Cube lucked out
My nigga had his truck out, didn't get stuck out
In front of that store with the Nikes and Adidas
Oh Jesus, Western Surplus got the heaters
Meet us, so we can get the 9's and the what-nots
Got the Mossberg with the double eyed buckshot
Ready for Darryl, and like Beretta would say
Keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time
But I'm rollin', so that's a fucked up slogan
The Hogan's, Heroes, spotted the guerrilla
By the Sizzler, hittin' up police killer
The super-duper nigga that'll buck
We had to tear this motherfucker up, so what the fuck!?!

"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Yo Muggs, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Enough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"

("Not guilty verdicts for Stacey Koon, Laurence Powell, Timothy
Wind, and Theodore Briseno. 
The four officers accused of beating
Motorist Rodney King.")

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Nigga clear the lane, here I come, once again
With this, gangsta click, droppin this, gangsta shit
Strictly for the riders who ride us I gotta WestSider
Rhymer for them niggas that's sittin on them Dayton wires
Pump the bass, hit the switch
Cause Ice Cube, Mack 10, and Dub-C, back up in this b-i-itch
Straight hoodsta for life, ain't no lookin back
Ink in my flesh, WestSide tattoed on my chest
Walkin with the shadow of death
Through the land of the skanless, South Central Los Angeles
Home of the Crips and the Bloods
Where even the strongest niggas is drug through the mud
And visitors from outta town best to stay in Hollywood
You get that tourist ass ganked strollin through my hood
West coast till the casket drop
I be throwin it up, so motherfucker West Up!

It's gun ho Mack one, no please you can't fuck wit deez
Ice Cubez and Dub-Ceez is my G'z
And hip-hop, top three niggas the new bosses
Never slippin cause we flosses, packin Nina Rosses
Nigga, thought You Knew How We Do It
Ain't a Damn Thing Changed, always On Them Thangs
Forever and a day, so back up, gimme room, don't neglect
Just respect and everything I can't check I wreck
Now you can cross out the bustas and snitches
Shit only killers hootchie bitches and hot hydraulic switches allowed
On the turf where the real hogs dwell
Sewed up the hood, the fattest boulders on the block for sale
Inglewood City, the throne I call home
Niggas be so bright, you might need your locs on
To bail through, it's fin you're in with Mack 10
And I gotta confess up, nigga this West Up! for life

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Now I got ta show you how the West coast rocks
No razor blades, in my mouth, just a Glock
And I'm hittin you up, with that W-S
The sun rises in the East, but it sets in the West
No gold teeth, you gets a wreath
So hand me the goodies, stockin mask, no hoodies
Christmas day, I'm in a tre
While some of you niggas got the robe reindeer and a sleigh
We don't call it five-oh, we call it one time
It's my life my life my life my life, in the sunshine!
One nine weighs a ton
How the fuck you think that the West was won?
Now shit can be squashed over a forty ounce of backwash
No jokes, the land of locs and hundred spokes
In the East, we can be brothers
But when you come to L.A., watch your motherfuckin colors
West Up! nigga

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Give it up, give it up
Like the nigga James Brown, me and my niggas are puttin it down
So bustas be wary cause see we represent the city
Where niggas caught slippin is left with they brains drippin
City of the Angels, more like a concrete jungle
Full of macks Cadillacs and crack sacks
I pledge allegiance to the shit till I die
So let the five-twenty slide and put it down from the WestSide

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Front back side to side
We be givin it up, till the day we die
Niggas hit me up, I'mma have ta erupt
So motherfucker West Up!

Westside
("Throwin up the W")

[Mack 10]
Microphone check i.o. from the west coast beller and tella
I cuss like a sella when you see her she's a gonna
Moved to California blew the bitch up put the gangsta twist on
Her sunny southern cal it never snows
Niggas yelling ha's and ho's we dumping out of 64's
When it comes to the gun play we vets
It's west coast foe life no crew only sets

[Ice Cube]
It's the dog breathing through the smog
I'm a hog of this gangster shit
Don of the click
All you suckers want to dis the pacific
But you buster niggas never get specific
Used to love her mad cause we fucked
Her pussy whipped bitch with no common sense
Hip hop started in the west
Ice cube bailing through the east without a vest

[W.C]
Now as I look to my riznight and to my left
I see motherfuckers staring like they wanna step
So I'm grabbing my rusty screw driver
In case I got to cut ya deeper than Vanessa Del Rio's vagina
Find another crew of niggas that can fuck with this
Lyrical bully given verbal bruises to crews fool
You must be on dick dope and dynamite
How you figure speed on before you get peed on nigga

[Mack 10]
Fool what side is you
Red or the blue
While as the l.a. zoo it's round two
I ignite grab the mic tight strike like a rattle bring
Rhymes and nines to the motherfucking battle
So sun down to sun up run up with my gun up
All brakes get to pumping
They know a nigga dumping
You dred like a rasta when I lock like a terrier
Mack 10 the nigga with the heat that I'll berry ya

[Ice Cube]
Oh ah,oh ah, do a walk by and watch everybody die
Niggas into gangs things and narcotics
Freak bitches riches and hydrolics
Pull heat knock you off yo feet
Clear the whole block both sides of the street
Even crips and bloods hear my thuds
Fee fy foe fum a nigga where you from west side

[W.C.]
Fuck all you niggas I'm yelling
This is mad circle to the fullest everybody 187um
Toons play the piano fuck a battle
I'm socking rappers like mad man Santiago
Cause you niggas ain't impressing me plus you singing big red records
So nigga fuck what you telling me
Sit down jr. you couldn't see me if you wanted to
Look y?all it Mack 10, cube and the double you

[Mack 10]
I just had a scrap fo the neighborhood Inglewood stereotype
Got to deal with the hype
Known to kick back with the fat sack fuck that
Where my gat at nigga tripping off my bulls hat
About to let loose with the chrome tray dude 5 shots
And I put holes in yo bandanna
I push a Benz you still rolling gs
So nigga miss me with the set trip
And start slanging keys

[Ice Cube]
When I say itchy citchy
Niggas get bitchy bitchy cause they heard of ah
Natural born murder-ah
I'm like Frankenstein is spanking time
Laying in the sunshine
With only one nine
Now who wants to bust with the never rust
Going platinum plus every time I cuss
So fuck the whole world black niggas
Better hope I don?t grow my Jeri Curl back

[W.C.]
Stepper murder-a stepping out a Chevrolet
Sporting a beanie like Marvin Gaye
Stalking walking in my big black chuck's
Standing tall in your freestyle session holding my balls
I'm peeping game like a ref in '95
Cause niggas be foul and biten other niggas styles
But if you're biten this you better bring a dentist
Cause sucking these balls ah give yo ass lock jaws

[Mack 10]
Which way shall I go nigga what should I do
Should I bang with the red should I truce with the blue
Should I rock dope beats grab the mic and stay down
Or should I shoot out of town and flip this pound
Shit I never knew that my nuts ah get bigger
Checking major figures I'm hanging with platinum niggas
It's Mack 10 and I'm Inglewood swinging
No time for banging
But still got my cackeys hanging

[Ice cube]
Fuck one love it's the bloody glove killing honkey hoes
Leaving blood stains on broncos
In a hertz rental I drive on the 405
Is he dead or alive
Motherfucking court took another snort
Jumping over chairs as I run through the airport
So I can catch a flight away from the drama
Number 32 chilling in the Bahamas

[W.C.]
Sucky ducky quack niggas ain't knowing how to act
Sucker ducks play the back
Nigga use to dis now it's turning around and like brandy
Motherfuckers wanna be down
With this west coast rap game I can give a fuck
If you wasn't down at first you can buck these nuts
Transformers get stole on boom (boom)
Get the picture killer cali home of the body bags nigga

Westside [Repeat: x2]

In any country  prison is where society sends it's failures 
But in this country society itself is failing. 

Today  how you like me now  I'm in the mix? 
It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota 
Got the baking soda  let the water boil  workers all loyal 
Dropped out the twelve'th 
'cause my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees 
Now I slang keys 
Infest my hood with crack, 'cause I'm the mack 
Take a nation of millions to hold me back 
Too big for my britches, and I got bitches 
Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches 
Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5 
'89s the number, another summer 
Police ain't get no dumber 
Streets dried up, used to think it would last 
But being a king-pin is a thing of the past 
They tried to blast me for selling a boulder 
Now I got my ass in Minnesota 
Got my own crew, it's on brand new 

Damn, what can I do? 

Today

Already done stack me half a mill ticket 
Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it 
Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz 
Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome 
Police are tappin' my mobile phone 
I'm almost home 
Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it 
Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest 
And everything I own got repossessed 
Now take a look at the dust 
And I'm happy 'cause I only got 36 months 
Never picked up a book 
But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look 
Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew 
And see, what can I do? 

Today

Fucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo 
Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough 
Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch 
So where to work at, and niggas smirk at 
Me say ain't nothin' poppin' from here to the LB 
What you tell me? 
No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe 
'cause, they sent in the troops 
Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle 
Takin' niggas shit in a tussle 
No skills to pay the bills 
Takin' 'bout education to battle inflation 
No college degree, just a dumb ass G 
(Yeah you Nigga, who me?) 
I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess 
Have you ever been convicted of a felony? Yes 
Took some advice from my Uncle Fester 
All dressed up in polyester 
Welcome to McDonald's may I please help you? 
Shit, what can I do? 

Today

The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa. 
But he'll put you in the state penitentiary, 
He'll put you in the federal 
Penitentiary for breaking these same laws. 
Now we gonna look and see if 
This motherfucker is guilty for the laws 
He'll put you in jail for 

Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand 
Larceny, rape, racketeering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion, 
Aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing, 
Embezzlement, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing 
A firearm, carrying a concealed weapon, breaking and entering, and 
Premeditated cold-blooded murder. 

Guilty on every charge.

What's the definition of a pyroclastic flow
That's what happens when a volcano blow
That's what happens when Ice Cube starts to flow
Red hot lava mixed with saliva
Pulverising everything in its wake
Nothing can survive a pyroclastic flow
And no one will survive this one.

Fucking around in a crap game 
Niggas think I'm soft cause now I'm in the rap game 
And I don't hang out as much 
Bang out dope cuts 
Standing on stage and I'm grabbing my nuts 
But when it comes to getting in a circle 
I'm hitting sevens turning broke niggas purple 
Looking for Little Joe and the dumb nigga scream and choke 
When deuce deuce hit the floor yo 
Now which of ya want to fade the twenty? 
I'm turnin your fat pockets skinny 
Ah yeah I'm shaking the ivory 
And boom it's like they die for me 
Fool you can get loud, get mad, hit the joint 
But don't forget my point 
There it is yo 
I put my Nike on the bet so it won't slide 
Money gone cause I'm never hitting deuce-five 
I'm never hitting four-trey no way 
You want to leave but come on hoe stay 
Nigga see but that'll work 
Poppa needs brand-new shoes and a sweatshirt 
Fool you can't even fuck with that 
And now that I'm winning I gots to get my gat 
Cause I see your homies starting to look 
And broke motherfuckers they make the best crooks 
And I'm feeling like a baller 
Bucking fools now the circles getting smaller 
Now you want to go and scheme 
Punk niggas like you just love to triple-team 
So I pick up my money and start walking 
Cause now I let the gat start talking 
Now since ya'll lost you want to go out like a sucker 
Take that motherfucker

Listen to the preacherman
But are you talkin' to me
I can't hear you with a mouth full of pig's feet
If I should need the swine flesh
Your body is a mess, but you're blessed
With a father, son, spirit and the holy ghost
But my whole neigborhood is comatose
Lookin' for survival
The devil made you a slave and he gave you a bible
400 years gettin' our ass kicked
By so-called christians and catholics
But I watch 'em burn in a fire
See I'm a g, that's why I ain't in your choir
'Cause I see, cause I know
The church ain't nothin' but a fashion show
Get the devil to a 187
And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

You're waitin' for the devil to come from the ground
Clown, take a look around
Just look at the cross that the priest is holdin'
A beast in sheep's clothing
But I'm rollin' with that knowledge of self
'Cause heaven ain't just wealth
So mister preacher, if I couldn't pay my tithe
Do I have to wait outside?
White man, please take another look
'Cause we couldn't be readin' out of the same book
'Cause youse a crook and I'm a brother
King James had sex with his mother
Is that your edition? Is that your religion?
Black man, you gotta make a desicion
'Cause God is comin' on day number seven
And he won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

The same white man that threw me in the slammer
He bombed the church in Alabama
So if I cock the hammer, God won't mind
If I have to kill the human swine
'Cause God is a killer from the start
Why you think Noah had to build his ark
And God is a man from his feet to his hair
That's why you say 'amen' after each and every prayer
I just stare at the church man
Spendin' more money on the church band
But Elijah's got a plan
Got the white man screamin' 'Damn that Farrakhan!'
'Cause one day these babies are uprise
Much more than bowties and bean pies
Kickin' knowledge at 7-11
And they won't call me a nigga when I get to heaven

God damn, another fuckin payback with a twist
Them motherfuckers shot but the punks missed
Ice Cube is out-gunned, what is the outcome?
Will they do me like Malcolm?
Cause I bust styles, new styles, standin strong!
While, others Run a Hundred Miles
But I never run, never will
Deal with the devil with my motherfuckin steel BOOM!
Media try to do me
But I was a Boy-N-the-Hood before the movie, yeah
Call me nigga, bigot and a spook
But you the one that voted for Duke, motherfucker
White man, is somethin I tried to study
But I got my hands bloody, yeah
They said I could sing like a Jaybird
But nigga, don't say the J-word
I thought they was buggin
Cause to us Uncle Sam, is Hitler without an oven
Burnin our black skin
Buy my neighborhood then push the crack in
Doin us wrong from the first day
And don't understand why a nigga got an AK
Callin me an African-American
Like everything is fair again, shit
Devil, you got to get the shit right I'm black
Blacker than a trillion midnights
Don't Believe the Hype+ was said in '88
By the great Chuck D, now they're tryin to fuck me
with No Vaseline
Just a match and a little bit of gasoline HUH!
It's a great day for genocide (What's that?)
That's the day all the niggas died
They killed JFK in '63
So what the fuck you think they'll do to me?
But I'm the O.G. and I bust back (boom boom)
Bust back (Boom boom!) peel a cap (BOOM BOOM!)
Gimme room in the fire of the sun
Here the mack come, here the black come, watch Jack run!
Motherfuckers can't gank me
Fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a yankee
Overrun and put the Presidency
After needin that, I'm down wit O.P.P., yeah
I met Farrakhan and had dinner
And you ask if I'm a five-percenter, well
No, but I go where the brothers go
Down with Compton Mosque, Number 54
Made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow
Did Ice Cube sell out? You say, "Hell no!"
A black woman is my manager, A black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen
So could you please stop bitchin?

You missed, and didn't hit Da Lench Mob either
"Guerillas in the Mist" without Jungle Fever
But I got the fever for the flava of a cracker
Not a Pringle, bust the single, here's my new jingle
"Stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
The KKK has got three-piece suits
Using niggas like turkey shoots
My motto is Treat 'Em Like a Prostitute+
Now if I say no violence, devil, you won't respect mine
Fuck the dumb shit and get my Tec-9
And if they approach us
A-ight, a-ight I bury those cockroaches
And if you can't deal with my Kill at Will
Here's a new gift to get try my +eath Certificate+
Amerikkka's Most, Amerikkka's burnt it's like toast
Like Jordan, I'm goin coast to coast
Dribblin the funk here comes the nigga
With the motherfuckin monster dunk, get off me punk!
"Jordan, watch Jordan
Aiyyo yo watch Jordan YES!"
"You better eat your Wheaties" M.J

Darryl Gates got the studio surrounded
Cause he don't like the niggas that I'm down with
Motherfucker wanna do us
Cause I like Nat, Huey, Malcolm, and Louis
Most got done by a black man's bullet
Give a trigger to a nigga and watch him pull it
Negro assass-in
I'mma dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo' ass in
When they shoot, no, it won't be a cracker
They use somebody much blacker
What I do? I called up the Geto Boy(s) crew
Cause My Mind's Playing Tricks On Me too
Never died, surround my crib
And F.O.I. makin sure nobody creep when I sleep
Keep a 9 millimeter in my Jeep PEEP!
When I roll, I gots to roll deep
Ain't goin out cheap
Met the MADD Circle on Cypress Hill cause it's so steep
They'll never get me, they'll never hit me
Motherfuck that shit J-Dee
Now I'm relaxed
Grab the St. Ide's brew so I can max
Sittin by the window cause it's so fuckin hot
And then I heard a shot - boom

[Ice Cube]
So yo check this out
This is Ice Cube from the Westside Connection
Callin all the way from Johannesburg, South Africa
The world has never seen a million black men in one place
But on October 16, in Washington, D.C., a million black men will gather

"This is a mission, not a small time thing" (sample repeats)
[Mobb Deep]
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, word up son, check it out though
YaknowhatI'msayin? Word up son
Listen up son, knowhatI'msayin?
(Watch out for them man) Listen up son, check it out though, yo

Open your eyes get wise and look alive focus your attention
Windows 95 updated high tech lynchin
Crosses of the colored man who claims he holds the keys to the safe
Secrets of the world, blow him in his face
Who's the master of the universe, galaxy and planets
Babylonians ecstatic moon the sinkin of Atlantis
(Be the one soul original black filled with melanin
Goin out like represent Kuwait in two thousand)

[Ice-T]
Brothers gonna have to put themself in check
Three strikes you in the penzo, checked to your neck
Your woman cries, your baby grows up alone
Talkin through a three inch glass on a two way phone
You tell me brothers got no options today
You best to listen to the Ice closely fool, crime don't pay
Gas and dope bullets and coke ain't the way
You need to march with the Nation on Atonement Day, represent

[Chuck D]
Now, to all my brothers we be rhymin like this
Yeah I can handle, but they can't kill it mill or dismantle it
And we can leave the component alone
Show all my brothers a brother instead of negro
Crackers in the back obscene knahmean
But I've been knockin em out the box like ??
So on the single we be flowin at the lingo
Comin together, not solo like Mandingo

[Chorus: all together]
So where you at why'all?
Right here, hangin with my brothers and we showin no fear
So where you at why'all?
Right here, if you represent then throw your hands in the air

[Smooth B]
Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
My people with braids waves dreads and baldheads
A million strong doin duty, wisdom strength beauty
Ummah Ahs they are, sun moon star
And it's a holy day, come sober
Smooth be	 in D.C., sixteenth of October
In unity there is power, none can devour
Hour after hour, we shower

[RZA & Killah Priest]
Imagine us travellin back to Nazareth
Most fabulous
To raise up the black dead slaves like Lazarus
When I catch rays through the blaze holy essays
No more death days and vexed slaves possessed in caves
Yo it's the last days and times we gots to raise your mind
Brothers walk around dumb different and blind
Pregnant Earths always carry eggs
I pledge to never fall off the ledge
and blacks remain family like Sister Sledge

[Shorty]
God prepared the table for us, in the presence of our enemy
Now we soon to be, one in unity
One two three I'm a G
But the God inside is that G I chose to be
The world is a stage and everybody plays a part
I'm not considered, the one with a sensitive heart
When I say black man you say go
Black man GO black man GO

[Chorus]

[DA Smart]
Somebody stole me, you took me from Kunta to Toby
and mold me, in a way that you freed me but still hold me
What you tryin to pull? Eatin us like cannibals
Whatever happened to that forty acres and that animal
Now you tryin to use integration just to fool us
Like Malcolm said, we been hoodwinked and bamboozled
Mama cryin, and I ain't lyin
I'm going to Washington for justice, I'ma get it, or die tryin
Don't hesitate, he's at the gate
And that's a million black men in one place to set it straight
So black women applaud the black God
I'm DA Smart, with the million man march

[KAM]
Damn that's how you know the world about to end
Rain hail snow earthquakes and a million black men
Upon the God indivisible
With liberty and justice for all cause why'all done made us miserable
With this AmeriKKKan nightmare
That's why October 16th we gon be right there like yeah
The same niggaz that you want gone
Well we about a million deep on your front lawn
It's goin on from here to Abraham Lincoln's statue
And every brother here thinkin yeah we need to holla at you
About this overdue bidness
With the Black Muslim, Christian Jew and Jehovah Witness
To get this out in the open the only way
Is for us to declare a black holy day
The homies say that they rollin
Plus we got family, forty miles up, controllin

[Chorus: x 4]

Drivin' down the motherfuckin' highway 
The flyway hey bitch  you goin' my way? 
Now I got a passenger 
I look at the miniskirt  now I'm askin' her 
Would you like to hit the fat bud  
Or perhaps should I run your name through the mud 
I mean  are you giving up the nappy dugout? 
She said no  well then get the fuck out 
Cause I know where the hoes be feinin' 
Plus your fat ass got my six deuce leanin' 
Bust a you on the avenue 
Why oh why there ain't shit to do 
But then sir jinx played his mix 
And you thought that shit played out in eighty six 
Lookin' for my dogs 
Looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs 
One time's on my motherfuckin' line 
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me 
They must thind I'm a gee 
They both walk up with the g. l. o. c. 
(Freeze! There was a robbery and the nigger looked just like you
Now get out of the car with your hands up and legs spread) 
Started they investigation 
No driver's liscence no registration 
When I stepped out the car they slammed me 
Goddamn ya'll who got the camera? 

Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit 
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit 
Who got the camera? 
Who got the camera?

No lights no camera no action 
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name was Jackson 
He said don't lie to me 
I'm lookin' for John, Matt, or Spike Lee 
The motherfucker called for back up 
I guess they planned to beat the mack up 
He called me a silly ass thug 
And pulled out his billy ass club 
Tearin' up my coupe lookin' for the chronic 
Goddamn nobody got a panasonic 
Found an empty can of old gold 
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold 
Fucked around and broke my pager 
Then they hit a nigga with the tazer 
The motherfucking pigs were tryin' to hurt me 
I fell to the floor and yelled lord have mercy 
Then they hit me in the face ya'll 
But to them it ain't nuttin' but (a friendly game of base ball) 
Crowd stood around I said goddamn ya 
Who got the camera 

Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit 
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit 
Who got the camera? 
Who got the camera?

I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin' 
That they were gonna put some work in 
Mr. law had to hit me in the jaw 
Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges 
They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head 
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead 
A victim of a big fat 187 
And little devils don't go to heaven 
Last night there were eleven but they were'nt scarin me 
So they tried the flashlight therapy 
I looked at the black one and called him a traitor 
I don't give a fuck if you got a beta 
Just take my fuckin' picture 
So I can go downtown and bitch and pitch ya (?) 
The one that called me a spook 
His name is officer David Duke 
If the crowd weren't around they would've shot me 
Tried to play me out like my name was rodney 
Fuckin' police gettin' badder 
But if I had a camera the shit wouldn't matter 
(bitch), uh who got my nine, who got my nine 
Ya'll done did it this time, uh 
Who the fuck got my nine

Straight gangsta mack 
Straight gangsta mack 
Straight gangsta mack 
Straight gangsta mack 

Who's the mack? is it some brother in a big hat 
Thinking he can get any b**** with a good rap? 
Rolling in a f***ed up Lincoln 
Leaning to the side So it looks like he's sinking 

Into that leopard interior 
This n**** thinks every girl's inferior 
To his tongue  get a dumb b**** sprung 
As she's selling more butt 

Don't even get a cut of the money 
His name is Sonny 
And he know the play 
And hope to God that he don't find a runaway 

That's looking to become a star 
He'll have your a** in and out of every car 
With every on and Rick, sucking every john's dick 
Come short of the money, get your a** kicked 

You don't like it but you still call him hunk 
Last night the n**** put yo' a** in the trunk 
You want to leave but Sonny started talking fast 
And it make you want to go and sell more a** 

He's getting rich, you his b**** and it's like that 
Now ask yourself 
Who's the mack? 
Who's the mack? 

It is that fool that want to pump the gas 
Give you a sad story and you give him cash? 
He starts macking and macking and you sucking 
Quick to say I'm down on my luck 

And you give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way 
Then you see his sorry a** the next day 
Are you the one getting played like a sucka? 
Or do you say, "Get a job, motherf***er"? 

Every day, the story gets better 
He's wearing dirty pants and a funky-a**ed sweater 
He claims he wants to get something to eat 
But every day you find yourself getting beat 

He gets your money and you run across the street don't look both ways 
'Cause he's in a daze 
And almost get his a** hit for the crack 
Now ask yourself 

Who's the mack? 
Who's the Mack? 

Is it that n**** in that club asking 
Have you ever been in a hot tub? 
I know the game so I watch it unfold 
When I see the boy pinned to your earlobe 

He's talking s*** and you crack a smile 
When he tell you that he can go buck wild 
For a girl like you and make it feel good 
You know it's drama but it sound real good 

He started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging 
The p**** so he can keep bragging 
He say, "I'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?" 
The p**** so he can keep bragging 

You want to do it but you feeling like a H-O-E 
You grab his hand, you leave and it's over 
'Cause the n**** ain't nothing but a rover 
Ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back 

Now ask yourself 
Who's the Mack? 
Macking is the game and everybody's playing 
And as long as you believe what they saying 

Consider the a M.A.C.K. and with no delay 
They are gonna get all the play 
But when it comes to me, save the drama for your momma 
It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a 

Mack in my own right 
When it comes to rhyme and rap 
'Cause all I do is kick facts 
Unlike Iceberg Slimm 

And all of them be claimin' be P.I.M.P. 
No, I'm not going out that way 
I'm just a straight up N I double G A 
Next time you get over on a fool 

And you did the s*** like real smooth 
Thank Ice Cube for giving up the facts 
And ask yourself 
Who's the Mack? 

Straight gangsta Mack 
Straight gangsta Mack 
Straight gangsta Mack 
Straight gangsta Mack

[Verse 1]
Why the fuck you wanna murder me?
Your punk ass never heard of me
I never did nothin' to your family
Still you wanna kill a young nigga randomly
You wanna take the life God handed to me
Send it back to him cause you ain't a fan to me
Scary bitch with a gun that ain't a man to me
That's an animal,
A fucking cannibal
I'm Duranimo and Hannibal
We international Gangsta bull
I'm bull and Barcelona, with a Corona
You a fake ass nigga, where's ya owner?
I'm real live man, you a persona
Now I'm a goner, call ma momma, in the corner
Mister gun man, your plan is working
Cause niggas is dieing and mommas is hurting

[Chorus]
Why you wanna murder me?
You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am
I could be part of your family tree
Now
Sent by G.O.D
To save the word you and me
You never know who you facin'
Who ya chasin'
The life you wastin'

[Verse 2]
I was made by the one and only G.O.D
To take my life to the T.O.P
Now here comes a motherfuckin' D.O.G
Who ain't happy til a nigga is R.I.P
Tryin' to be somethin' you saw on BET
Either T.I.P or B.I.G
I don't give a fuck what you saw on TV
But a 187 don't make a O.G.

I'm a O.G
Never had to fake it
God gave me this, how you goin' take it
What you goin' tell 'em, when you get to heaven
When he asks you why did you send back his present.
Who the fuck are you, you motherfucking peasant
Even got the nerve to ask the man for a blessing.
Send his ass to Hades with his big Mercedes
Nigga, hell on earth is being stuck in the 80's

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Before you shoot me man think about it
Lets go have a drink about it
Before you make a stink about it
Man lets talk about it
Maybe we can walk about it.
But just don't be a coward
And take my life 'cause you got the power
Of the white mans gun powder
Cause you might face a gun tower.
And time never run out,
They take the fun out, til your life run out.
So don't pull your gun out,
If you ever want a house, just like Run's house.
It's better than a big house,
Less four-five some woman we can dig out,
Find a place we can dig out,
Party all night til the owner say 'get out'

[Chorus]

Dedicated to all the niggas, that's dead and don't know why.
Who wanna look at the nigga who shot 'em
And ask these questions.

Why me homie? Why me?

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

I'm from the land of the gang bang
Since I was little, ain't a god damn thang changed
It's the same ol same
Bush run shit like Sadaam Hussien
I cock and aim, clinically insane
To deal with this bullshit day to day
If I sell some yay or smoke some hay
You bitches wanna throw me up in Pelican's Bay
Call me an animal up in the system
But who's the animal that built this prison
Who's the animal that invented lower living
The projects, thank god for Russell Simmons
Thank god for Sugarhill
I'm putting a different kind of steel up to my grill
Y'all know what it is, scared for your own kids
How these ghetto niggas taken over showbiz

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us (Uh huh)
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

It's Boyz in the Hood, it's toys in the hood
Y'all wanna know why there's noise in the hood
Cause there's drugs in the hood, thugs in the hood
Nigga killed a Crip and a Blood in the hood (For real)
Cause when niggas get tribal
It's all about survival, nobody liable
I got caught by Five-0
Grandmama came to court with her bible
But when the judge hit the gavel
Now I'm too far from my family to travel
I just came unraveled
Socked the D.A. before I got gaffled
Owned by C.A, State Property
Just like the year fifteen fifty three
Looking for me, a one-way ticket out
Don't understand, what's so hard to figure out?

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us (Uh huh)
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

(Damn) I can't take the pressure
Pulled the fo-fo up out the dresser
Grabbed the weight up out the closet
Po-po coming but I'm scared to toss it
Y'all know what happened last time I lost it
Can't tell you niggas what the fuckin boss did
D game got a nigga exhausted
Gotta go for the plea bargain they offered
Twenty years for what?
Breaking these laws that's so corrupt
Taking these halls and fillin 'em up
Some powder cake shit that's about to erupt
Ay y'all, I'm about to be stuck
Until the year two thousand, what the fuck?
In the hood, don't press your luck
Cause these motherfuckers will set you up, word up

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us (Uh huh)
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

Every hood's the same
Every hood's the same
Every hood's the same
Every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, stop trippin on it

Now dis one dedicated to de man dem call MacGyver (bo!)
And all double-oh-seven James Bond man 'e from de area (gunshot, gunshot)
Maximum respect to de man dem call Ice Cube (bo! bo!)
And a bust a deuce-deuce or trey-eight bout to get WICKED!

One, two, three and I come with the wicked
Style and you know that I'm from, the wicked
Crew, act like you knew
Cause I got everybody jumpin to the voodoo, kick it
Wicked, rhymes, picket, signs
While me and the Mob gotta trunk fulla 9's
Play ya and I'll slay ya
I got thug-made dough by the ha-ir
Ready to BUCK BUCK BUCK and it's a must
To DUCK DUCK DUCK before I bust
Lookin for the one that did it
But like En Vogue, no you're never gonna get it
Cos I'm the one with the fat mad skills
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills
Sittin at the pad just chillin
Cause Larry Wilkins just got two million, oh what a feelin
So shake that nigga and pass me the pill
And I'll slam dunk ya like Shaquille O'Neal
Like it, dig it, maybe and watch that ass get ???
Kick it cause I get wicked

Won't say nuttin, just listen
Got me a plan to break Tyson outta prison
Come my way and get served
Still got a duece that'll bunny hop the curb
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin
Never seen with a happy grin
Show the fat foul cause I'm down
Take a look around
And all you see is big black boots steppin
Use my steel toe as a weapon
Kick ya and flip ya, now they want to
Label this nigga, tape with the sticker
Kickin out girls that's nicety
Yo, I gotta body count like Ice-T
From here to New York
I get skins and ain't talkin bout pork
Swine, pig, dick
Listen to the flow of a so-called negro
Who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett
Dig it cause I get wicked

People wanna know how come
I gotta gat and I'm lookin out the window like Malcolm
Ready to bring that noise
Kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys
April 29th was power to the people
And we might just see a sequel
Cos police got equal pay
A horse is a pig that don't fly straight
Doin Darryl Gates but is Willie Williams
Down with the pilgrims
Just a super slave
We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave
I'm wicked enough to board this
Cos now it's on to the fullest
Gorilla straight from the mist
But I don't miss when it comes to this
Bring the yellow tape
The white cape, cause I'm so straight
Thru with the picket signs, take his job and stick it
Bigot, cause I get wicked

[Ice Cube Talking]
Damn, what you doing over here? Whassup?
Yeah I was thinking about you the other day
And I was thinking I should have never fucked wit' your ass
I should have left you right where I founnd you
My bed (echo)
[Verse 1]
When I was with you all you ever do was bitch
Talk shit, but you could suck dick
So I didn't sweat all the fussin' and cussin'
On New Year's Eve, the night I was bussin'(wow)
I would stress and strain to mantain
And didn't need to hear your motherfucking ass complain
About niggaz in the house (mm), feet on the couch
Talkin' all loud (yeah), blunt in my mouth (yeah)
Bitch I got fifty cents on this genesis
Talkin' 'bout niggaz got to vacate the premises
(She's dead) Homie histor
An' outa nowhere your ass got hard
Poured out the pub, then you got drugged
We at it again, I tried to count to ten
There's no end to your naggin'
You can't treat me like I'm faggin', hoe
You see I'm saggin' (no)
Why I gotta act like a motherfucking asshole (why)
To be king of my motherfucking castle
You'll never be the missus (never)
Breakin' all my dishes
And fuck all my X-bitches
[Chorus 1]
Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
(repeat)
[Verse 2]
On an' off, off an' on, bitch I'm grown
So stop playing on my phone (stop)
It was a time we used to bump and grind
And find heaven (ahh)
Without a motherfucking reverend
Managoua twages and bomb-ass massages
And dreams of three-car garages
You say I'm cheating when I'm up at the studio
Come to find out you the hoe, oh
And you was way out
Talkin' 'bout rap, was gonna play ya
And I was wasting my time writing rhyme (hahaha)
You made yourself loud and clear
You wanted me to choose between you and my career (bitch)
Started fucking with this baller named Chris
Couldn't resist the Rolex on his wrist
I kept on writing my raps with profanity
Now I'm on tour fucking bitches like Fanady
You tried to diss this, now you missed this
And the first and fifteenth is like Christmas
Send me naked pictures but give it a rest
With Mrs Ice Cube tatood on your breast
Now you at the back door of my show
Dressed like a hoe, axin' could you blow (no),
Hell no but it's still delicious
Went from rags to riches
And fuck all my X-bitches
[Chorus 2]
Fuck you, fuck you, especially you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
(repeat)
Now I hear you sayin' "Yeah I used to fuck 'em"
Not lettin' 'em know I was a young buck then
Niggaz axin' me "Man, did you love her?"
Loved her stupid ass enough to fuck her with a rubber (bitch)
Now I hear, I'm your big brother (who?)
Second cousin, friend
Bitch since when?
Incest ain't the way I swing (nah)
Never bought your ass a goddamn thing
That I had to pay for
I was hateful
Ungrateful (uh) and never faithful
Fuckin' everything that I could get my paws on
Walkin' through hell with gasoline draws on
Now I'm on the mic, music is my life
Kids and a wife, heard you was a dite (damn)
It's your thing if you like the switches
But it's my world and fuck all my X-bitches
(Chorus 1)
(Chorus 2)
[Ice Cube talking]
Never go down the same road twice
Advice from the big homie Ice Cube
Hmm, girl you better get away from here
I don't want that shit no more
Na,na ahem, and don't be callin' at my mama' house neither
I'm through wit' you. I'm through wit' you
I done got smarter. I done got smarter
I ain't fuckin' wit' your daughter

Don't trip y'all know how I am (I'm a fool)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

Drop it
Drop it
Uh yeah
Don't trip y'all know how I am (don't trip)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

Mr. ice cube treat me like the man
If not I come through slap rock Bam Bam
Uncle Sam can't fuck with your nephew
"F" you y'all better let a vet through

Don't trip y'all know how I am (don't trip)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

Oh my goodness O.M.G. make 'em say oh my goodness
And in L.A. with 2 fives like yell goodrich
Black lambo' keeps me on my bullshit
Disrespect the team I wish you would bitch, yeah

Don't trip y'all know how I am (don't trip)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

Call me dough boy bitch you know how I do
I spit it straight from the top like a Frisbee on the roof
You can call a nigga dope
Buy all the crispy and coupe
Every Friday after the next I pull up in something new
In something new 
In something new 
In something new 
In something new 
In something new 
In something new 
In something new 

The dirty rubber play the gutter far from a lady lover
The three eighty clutch a dove shady than a motherfucker
Turning up the acordia shoot the whole party up
Catch you at the stoplight what tha' lynch mob like

Don't trip y'all know how I am (don't trip)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

Malay ugly get stupid Mcnewbie
Came in with dub see this ice cube shit
L.A. hats tats and air mats
Plastered C.A. tat yea we stay strapped

Don't trip y'all know how I am (don't trip)
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

I'm a fool I'm a trip
I'm a blood I'm a crip
I'm a slide I'm a dip
I'm a take you on a trip
Where the girls wanna strip
If you stay to the script
Act up if you think I'm on some Hollywood shit
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 
Hollywood shit 

I'm a fool I'm a fool y'all know how I am
Don't trip don't trip y'all know how I am
I'm a fool I'm a fool y'all know how I am
Don't trip don't trip y'all know how I am
I'm a fool y'all know how I am

You ain't gotta lie ta kick it

I know ya like to see me doin' bad
But I'm doin' good, fuck the police that's rollin' through my neighborhood
Fuckin' peaker wood see me in the five speed
I don't care if his motherfuckin' eyes bleed (yeah yeah!)
This is my weed, this is my world
Don't get mad when you see them hundred smokes squirrel
Candied out while you spit yo' last on the pearl
The Don Daada, I'm hotta than holly watta
Wish I was your baby father, cause I got a fuckin' head on my shoulder
And lead in my holster, face on the poster
The kinda nigga that you wanna get close ta'
But you can't so you start the lyin'
Just like that nigga that think he dyin'
Get ta cryin', snitchin' and testifyin'
To all my people if I'm talkin 'bout your baby mama
When she meet Ice Cube tell her save the drama

Yo Cube, I'm goin' have all da bitches here

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Yo man fuck them bitches, they ain't call me back
But I just paged my auntie

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

I'm a be as real as I can with this
Not just the fake analyst on cannabis, who only say that the world is
Scandalous, without findin' out a way to handle this
Dismantle this, either with the rhyme or the fist
How the fuck we get in the belly of this bitch?
I be rich if it wasn't for the snitch
Lyin' to the enemies, wild conspiracies
I'm a say this 'till the day that I die
Seven thirty fives bring on bitches lies
While you bullshitin', I'm hard hittin' like
2pac, I keep spittin' 'till my heart stop
Young niggas tryin' to tell me that I'm played
Once they say you played, nigga you must be payed (HA HA! huh ha)
Pushin' weight since the tenth grade do my thing
Got more plaques than Jordan got rings, nigga sayin'

Yo Cube, I got the new Biz 9000

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

I got the Playstation in the windshield nigga!

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

I hate to see your ass comin' (yep), with your mouth runnin'
Talkin' 'bout somethin' (what?), that ain't meanin' nothin'
'Bout your second cousin (hm), who be always buzzin'
Where she was or wasn't, who she now fuckin'
Stories by the dozen Punch you got the sequel (what?)
To let you tell it Randy Moss is your people
It's evident, your ass lie like the president
But stretch marks on your mouth is the evidence (ha ha)
How the fuck can your friends be the Benjamin's? (punk)
And your little ass car's full of fender Benz
There you go on the stand with your hand up (lyin')
Testifyin' about a man that's in handcuffs
We should do you like the Mack said
And if he lie like a crackhead pop 'em like a black head
Let him ooze, let him loose
Let him lie by his motherfuckin' ass on the news (yeah yeah)

Yo Cube, check out this ring, 69 karots

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

It's Kryptonite nigga, Kryptonite!

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me

You ain't got to lie ta kick it

Yeah, yeah
Get your ass and hurra
Uh, Ice Cube baby
Ninety-nine baby
I'm on the grind baby
All the time baby
Show me something

You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
Put your back into it
Put your ass into it

Tic-tic-boom
Hear me banging down these back streets
Bumpin' Blackstreet, treated like a athlete
Life ain't a track meet (no) it's a marathon
Fuck the cemetery that a nigga get buried on
We be clubbing till the day we die
Nigga ask the bartender if you think we lie
But if you think we high, nigga think again
Cause when it's sink or swim
You got to think to win
And if I drink this Hen'
Everybody will know it
Cause I ain't going for it
So pray to the Lord that I don't pull out
Cuss out and bust out
Go the nigga route
Make the trigger shout, uh
You can try to smoke an ounce to this
While I pronounce this shit
Baby bounce them tits
Mama move them hips
Baby shake them cheeks
I got dick for days
You got ass for weeks, yeah, yeah

Don't stop get it, get it
(That's real)
Don't stop nigga hit it
(I will)
I'm gon' do it, gon' do it
Gon' do it, do it, do it

You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
Put your back into it
Put your ass into it

Now all I want to do is have fun with my loved ones
The thug ones, relatives and my cousins
And I got 'em by the dozen
When they buzzin', quick to say fuck your husband
This is for my niggas locked away
Extra love for the ones who ain't got no date
But when we hit checkmate with Ice Cube the great
As soon as I get a word we can rush the safe
Fuck them license plates because life is great
It don't matter if you're rich and your folks ain't straight
I'm still coming with that underground gangsta shit
No matter how many niggas say we ain't the shit, bitch

Don't stop get it, get it
(That's real)
Don't stop nigga hit it
(I will)
I'm gon' do it, gon' do it
Gon' do it, do it, do it

You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
Put your back into it
Put your ass into it

I do hard core rhyming, hard time grinding
With will I pimp hoes
Other niggas wine and dine them
Gotta love this pup shit
Passing the mud shit
Pockets on flood shit
OG lyrical blood shit
I don't rent I buy shit
Niggas jealous of my shit
You unaware of this young nigga getting all the fly shit
While you're rooting and recruiting
Nigga 6-8 whooping
I was in the hood shooting cause I had the wife whooping
I come from padres gold in over sized jars
I past up strife and got star awards
No time for playa hating, Mack paper chasing
Came out the substation to the hip hop nation
The mo' hits the mo' bigga with illegal weight figga
Done develop the status of a platinum plus nigga
Bust the first asshole to show I can hit it
I keep pushing, don't quit it
Don't stop till I get it

Don't stop get it, get it
(That's real)
Don't stop nigga hit it
(I will)
I'm gon' do it, gon' do it
Gon' do it, do it, do it

You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it

Don't stop get it, get it
Don't stop nigga hit it
I'm gon' do it, gon' do it
Gon' do it, do it, do it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
You can do it put your back into it
I can do it put your ass into it
Put your ass into it
We be clubbing
Freaky gyration is close to fornication
We be clubbing
Freaky gyration is close to fornication
Yeah uh-huh, Ice Cube, Westside Connection
Know how we do?
We puttin' it down, constantly
Get your ass up and hurrah

Hey, you wit the ass
You wit the ass
Come here 
Wassup 

What's your name girl
Who you come wit
I'm with Snoop Dogg
And my whole click

[Chorus: x2]
A nigga need a shot a that
And I know where they got it at
Damn girl you gotta lotta that
Why don't'cha let a real nigga goin' and handle that

Look at you girl, light brown, ass round
Feel like a nigga chasin' down a rebound
It's bouncin' like a basketball
If you got no ass at all
Sorry girl but you won't make the casting call
Skinny bitches need to find that nutritious
Shit that makes yo ass so thick and delicious
Is it the food or is it the water
That make your daughter show what momma taught her

Come here, let me whisper in your ear
Tell you all that bullshit that you want to hear
You'll probably hate my fuckin' guts in a year
But right about now, you like a niggas style, huh?
How I talk, how I smell, how I smile
How I faint, how I fuck, how I growl
Fuck with me, you get your meat and your vegetables
Fuck with him, you get a fuckin' metro sexual
You want a man stronger than you
Not a motherfucker in the mirror longer than you
Break a nail and his punk ass lookin' for glue
You want a nigga with a hard dick lookin' at you

[Chorus]

You came up there lookin' all cute and stuff
You and yo home girl, a pimp couldn't get enough
You talk that shit, like you wasn't up there just to fuck
But guess what, now bitch you with us
Yeah have a sip, go take a puff
Go and split another blunt, now roll it up
What's yo name, a nigga love how you came
You just in need of some game
And I got that good thing
Yeah it's a west side hood thing
Let you party all day and hit you with that ding-a-lang
I got that good shit lollipop
And once I get up in ya, I make that body rock
You's a thick little bad bitch, walk with a switch
All you need now is some gangsta dick
It's the Big Bowwizow, you know I'm on the prizow
Doggie Shizow to make your kitty cat meow
Big beak, freak-a-leak, fuck some sleep
And don't tell me that I'm in to deep
OK, alright,
West side baby girl, we do it all night

[Chorus]

Do yo thing girl, fuck what they lookin' at
Shake it for me mami, work that pussy cat
Do yo thing girl, fuck what they lookin' at
Shake it for me mami, work that pussy cat
Put it on me girl, what the fuck you scared of
We just in the club actin' like we makin' love
I know you full a liquor, put it on my zippa
Drop it down now, and throw it on a nigga

[Chorus]

Yeah, yeah!
Fool, you know how we do it

West Side
Comin' from the West Side
Nothin' but the West Side

Ain't nothin' goin on but the bomb ass rap song
Hittin' all night long
Just like me on the black and white ivory
Gettin' six on artillery you don't want to see a G
Break yo' ass like dishes
Buster ass tricks sleep with the fishes
Runnin' from Lennox up at Venice
They want to have me in stripes, like Dennis the Menace
But that ain't poppin', ain't no stoppin'
Fo' hoppin, ass droppin', Coupe DeVille
My truth can, I'll, fool I got skills
So, back on up 'fore I check that chin
Down as fuck and I'm full off Henn'
You gets no love and I thought you knew it
Fool, you know how we do it

Comin' from the West Side
West Side, comin' from the West Side

Chillin' with the homies, smellin' the bud
Double parked and I'm talkin' to Dub
About who got a plan, who got a plot
Whom got got, and who got shot
Cause everybody knows that he got the info
Crazy Toones hangin out the window
Fool I got them bomb-ass tapes
Da Lench Mob, Planet of the Apes
I'm down with Eiht, and Watts Up
Kam is solo, they got nuts
When Ice Cube write a sentence
I want "The Bomb," just like George Clinton
S-k-d is down to catch a body
Put on Knee Deep, we'll turn out your party
You gets no love and I thought you knew it
Fool, you know how we do it

You know how we do it

Jack B. Nimble, and Jack B. Quick
If you want to jack me on a lick, cause
I'm that fool from South Central
You think you stuck yourself, with a number 2 pencil
That's how I poke hot lead in yo' ass
With "Mo' Bounce to the Ounce" in the dash
Mash up, Ve-nice, headed for the West
Everything is great, slow down for the dip
On a 100 and 8th and keep mashin'
Don't drink and drive to keep the fo' from crashin'
Stashin a glock and I thought you knew it
You know how we do it

Comin' from the West Side, West Side
Nothin' but a West Side
It's hittin' on the West Side
Fool, you know how we do it

This world so trife
Your money or your life
Yea keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life
(Give it up)
This world so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (west coast)
Yea keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life

I got that gang bang mentality, movie after movie
Can't get it outta me who wanna battle me?
Mouths a Uzi I thumbtack your ass to the concrete
Treat you like a floozy
The pyroclastic flow that I lay
Will turn this fucking booth into Pompeii
Now what will I do in broad day
I turn Broadway into a hallway
Motherfuckers wanna know the herbs and spices
They come to me and wanna know what my advice is
I'm spiritual nigga like Jesus Christ is
And lyrical bitch I'm bout the nicest
Content longevity 
Plus I spit shit that sit on your brain nigga heavily
I could do this shit till I'm 70
On the Vegas strip yea there I be

This world (this world) so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life
Keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life
(give it up)
This world so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (you know)
Keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life

Now I get that money make that cheddar
Play a double header we can do better
You can get wetter blown out your sweater
So much game need dick ride better
Now Helen and Keller can read this letter
Twenty third space if you read out for better
I'm a go getter yous a point setter
Pointing at me like you got a vendetta
Boy you know better
They used to call me, cube the impaler
Ask Jerry Heller
You the kind of fella that look for Cinderella
I'm the kind of fella that steal a umbrella
Now this ain't a dis, don't tell rockafella
And don't exorcise the ghost of Makivella'
But I just got to be the best storyteller
A tough slick rick in with this a Capella
(ask yela')

This world (ask trella) so trife
Your money or your life (grand wizard)
Keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life
This world so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (gotta have it)
Yea keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life

O.M.G is down with us
Doughboy is down with us
W.C .is down with us
Crazy goons is down with us
Snoop dogg is down with us
Warren g is down with us
Ice t is down with us
Dr. Dre is down with us
M.C. Ren is down with us
Bad luck is down with us
Das gilliars is down with us
Young corrupt is down with us
Maylay is down with us
Swab house is down with us
King p is down with us
The game is down with us

This world so trife
Your money or your life
Keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life
This world so trife
Your money or your life
Keep your kids keep your wife
Money or your life

Get numbers, get names
Thick dames
Headhunters get brains
Big thangs
Give niggas shitstains
The shit, man
And don't you forget, man.

We be
The best of CG
Greedy
Abduct the PD
See me?
Nigga, not in 3D.
Be me?
Hah, it's not easy.
I'm breezy
And off the Heezy
Me and my woman's like George & Wheezy
Movin' on up, niggas use to tease me
See me on top
It makes you queasy.
Sick with it
Bitch, I'm Bruce Lee
Seduce me
You're nice and juicy
In the parking lot, I gots to get mine
Why the fuck we goin' in when there's bitches in line?
I spend my time watchin' bitches' behinds
Thinkin' bad shit in the back of my mind
I bump and grind with nothing less than a dime
Making movie money, you still investin' in rhymes.

And I'm in this bitch
With a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
Who got a hundred dollar bill, y'all?
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch.

I'm in here
Got all you freaks lookin'
When we walk by, pussy start cookin'
Rookies start tookin'
Get your ass up, V.I.P. Section's gettin' tooken
Might dance, might not
Might spend enough
Cool as hell, but still pipin' hot
Soon as I find a spot
All my people gather 'round
The nigga with the shiny watch--me
Ice Cube, motherfucker
Next to me, you a test tube motherfucker
We kinda rude, motherfucker
Get too close and bucka! Bucka! Bucka!
Don't want no problems, y'all
Fuck around, I'll pull out the problem-solv'
And watch E pills dissolve
Nine times out of ten, you hoes involved.

And I'm in this bitch
With a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
Who got a hundred dollar bill, y'all?
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch.

Get numbers, get names
Thick dames
Headhunters get brains
Big thangs
Give niggas shitstains
The shit, man
And don't you forget, man.

Security pat downs
I'm a star, motherfucker
I been put' the gat down
I been put' the mack down
But check the people that I'm with
'Cause they'll lay you flat down
And they'll do it right now
Yeah, you scared of the phone numbers that a nigga might dial
Club-hop, car shows, picnics
Big cars, big jewels, big dicks
Rush doors
Or gotta hop the fence
Blow this door
Gotta blow my rent
Gotta show my ass, then go repent
Gotta call in sick
And tell 'em where I went.

And I'm in this bitch
With a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
Who got a hundred dollar bill, y'all?
About to spend this bitch
I'm in this bitch
I got a hundred dollar bill, y'all
About to spend this bitch.

Put the whoop on 'em (Ice Cube, a.k.a. Don Mega)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Poppa Don)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. the Big Fish)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Brainiac)

Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (uh huh)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (all my life)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (all my life)

Every thing is real on this concrete and steel
Niggas peel your cap for a happy meal
I got to deal with this ball of confusion, world of illusions
We ain't losin' playa (never), we's winnin'
Playin' every night when we sendin' paper chasing, grinnin'
While you still chasin' women 'round tables, no lieutenants
You's your own man; grown (hook it up)
It's Ice Cube and the family stone
Breakin' bread every night in L.A.
And I pray for one more day that's un-ate (check it)
It's ninety degrees, no enemies in sight
Even the Don gotta fall to his knees every night

[Chorus]
Can I get 24 more hours? (can I get, get)
Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can, can)
I don't want to loose
All I want to do is win
I fucked up today
Can I try it again?

I'm lovin' every breath like a cold sip of soda
While I'm bankin' down these back streets
Thanks for lookin' over
Damn sure nice to know ya
Fuck a four leaf clover
And thanks for this Range Rover
We gets down with this underground gangsta shit
Politicians and parents always havin' a fit
Everybody want to know: "Who you with?" "Where you from?"
Why you lookin' at me dumb?
Here's a bullet 'cause you number one
Nobody knows the fate of a platinum rap star (nobody knows)
We gotta wait until tomorrow
(Yeah, yeah)
And I'm a nigga like you 
(Yeah, yeah)
You know I got the bar

[Chorus]

Put the whoop on 'em (look to Allah)
Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your god)
Put the whoop on 'em (I look to Allah)
Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your god)

Mister Prosperity, these niggas want to bury me
Your bitch want to marry me
Rollin' more than a Cherokee
Don't; I drive what I want, and what I ain't drivin' I don't want
Let it be known (let it be known)
Permits hit the conk in the regal
But we's legal niggas 
Dollars got bald eagles, nigga
You can't undermine Mister Grime
You rappin' 'bout the same shit I rapped about in eighty-nine
Tryin' to be the new fien(d) (never) with raps complex
They love you one minute, and they hate you the next
Push my Lex through the California sunshine
Look back on my life and say, "damn, I done, done fine."
(Damn) (I done, done fine) (Uh)
Mister Ice Cube
I'm always on the grime
(Always, always)
The Don Mega, Mega Don, Don Mega, Mega Don

[Chorus]

Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (uh huh)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (all my life)
Keep it gangsta, y'all
Keep it gangsta (all my life)

I know we can make it
I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it
I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it
I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it
I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out

And we can work it out
We gon' work it out
My niggas work it out
Help us work it out

One mo' strike and I'm through, nigga
Bottom of the ninth swingin', for my life
I'm up at the plate, goin for the gate
They got my moms seated in section eight
Been on deck since my last felony
I'm that 0 for 2 motherfucker
With the Louisville Slugger
Shay Whitie, that left hand punk
Is on the mound and he comin' wit that off-speed junk
Its the West side Hustlers, vs these LA Pigs
You can say the damned vs the nigs
My little homies in the dugout
They lookin' sad, cause fourteen niggas done struck-out
My first offense was possession of weed
Now I'm in the major leagues and
That motherfucker Bill Clinton-is a son of a bitch
Had the nerve to throw out the first pitch
I'm just tryin' to get rich like Trump
The Home Run king is now in a slump, pass me a hunk
How the fuck can I stay out the pen
When its one-two-three strikes you in

[Chorus]
One-two three strikes you in
Now how the fuck a nigga supposed
To stay out the pen, I'm on a blend
Of Gin and Hen, everyday of my life
With two strikes it ain't right

He's in the wind-up
Here come the pitch
I swing, aw shit (foul tip)
They felt the chill cause if I get on first
You know the deal, a niggas gots to steal
Like to steal home and I betcha
That I can run over, the LA Pig catcher
Just because I'm black, wit a bat
They wanna send a nigga back to the warning track
Full of count they say I won't amount to shit
But fool I can hit like Kenny Grit
With a split in my mouth on tha cellular phone
(It's going, going, gone!)
And watch a pitcher get served
You from the LA Pigs
I know you coming with a curve
Hey batter, batter is the chitter-chatter
I'm the designated hitter, a nigga
Much badder, than Babe Ruth
Will I tell the truth and nothing but the truth
Hell yea, I'd rather be shootin' hoops
Cause a niggas guaranteed to win
Against a bullshit loss and three strikes you in

Take me out to the ballgame
Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what)
Another nigga on trial
Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh
And fuck you Cracker Jack
I hope I never come back

I gots to root for my homeboys
If they don't win its a shame
Cause its one-two-three strikes you in
Twenty-five years of pain you know my name

They wanna nigga to run and get hung
High strung, so this pig can win the Cy-Young
I'ma hit this motherfucker a mile
In the batters box, high as Steve Hal
You can't salary cap my gat
No strike, cause gangsta-rap is on the map
I'm like Satchel Paige wit a gauge
Or Jackie Robinson, when I'm robbin' one
Of you Cracker Jacks fool I'm a motherfuckin' vet
And fuck yo seventh-inning stretch, so
Take me out to the ballgame,
And see my neighborhood name
In your Ghetto Hall of Fame

[Chorus: x3]

Yea (It ain't right)
Playin' people like a game (It ain't right)
Human beings, puttin' em in a jar (It ain't right)
For double life, triple life (It ain't right)

Take me out to the ballgame
Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what)
Another nigga on trial
Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh
And fuck you Cracker Jack
I hope I never come back

I gots to root for my homeboys
If they don't win its a shame
Cause its one-two-three strikes you in
Twenty-five years of pain you know my name

You know my name (wha what, wha what) 
You know my name (wha what, wha what)
You know my name (wha what, wha what)
You know my name (wha what, wha what)

If I die tonight, you know who did it (you know)
If I ride tonight, you know who did it (you know)
If they sheck me up, you know who did it (don't guess)
If they check my nuts, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they break my bank, you know who did it (yea)
If they pull my rank, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they sock me up, you know who did it (yea)
If they lock me up, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they smear my name, you know who did it
If they kill my game, you know who did it
Remember me (you know who did it)
Wha what, wha what (you know who did it)

Fresh out of school cause I was a high school grad
Gots to get a job 'cause I was a high school dad
Wish I got paid like I was rappin' to the nation
But that's not likely so here's my application
Pass it to the man at AT&T;
'Cause when I was in school I got the A-E-E
But there's no S-E for this youngsta
I didn't have no money so now I have to punch the 
Clock like a slave, that's what be happenin'
But whitey says there's no room for the African
Always knew that I would clock G's
But welcome to McDonald's can I take your order please
Gotta sell ya food that might give you cancer
'Cause my son doesn't take no for an answer
Now I pay taxes that you never give me back
What about diapers, bottles, and similac
Do I gotta go sell me a whole lotta crack
For decent shelter and clothes on my back?
Or should I just wait for help from Bush
Or Jesse Jackson, and operation Push
If you ask me the whole thing needs a douche
A masengel what the hell cracker sell in the neighborhood
To the corner house bitches
Miss porker, little Joe or Todd Bridges
Or anybody that he know
So I got me a bird, better known as a kilo
Now everybody know I went from po' to a nigga that got dough
So now you put the feds against me
'Cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency
I'm never givin' love again
But blacks are too fuckin' broke to be republican
Now I remember I used to be cool
Till I stopped fillin' out my W-2
Now senators are gettin' high
And your plan against the ghetto backfired
So now you got a pep talk
But sorry, this is our only room to walk
'Cause we don't want to drug push
But a bird in the hand is worth more than the bush

Tell the politicians, the hustlers, live and let live (yeah)
Tell the politicians, the hustlers, live and let live (yeah)

Only three short years after the 19

 Watts Riots 
And the death of Malcolm X 
And of the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr, 
A boy was conceived, who's lyrics would change the world

Cube, please stop rapping so we can come out and get some, 
Some more of this action mane
You know when we ain't doin' no movies I'm back out here 
Selling half ounce and quarters of that good weed in that neighborhood

Little boys and girls, they all love me
Come sit on the lap of I-see-E
And let me tell ya a story or two
About a punk-ass nigga I knew
Named Jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick
Jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick
Ran up the street cause he was piping hot
Met a bitch named Jill on the bus stop
Dropped a line or two, and he had the hoe
At that type of shit he's a pro
So Jack and Jill ran up the hill to catch a lil' nap
Dumb bitch, gave him the claps
Then he had to go see Dr. Bombay
Got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way
To make some money, why not?
Down on Sesame Street, the dope spot
There he saw the lady who lived in a shoe
Sold dope out the front, but in back, marijuana grew
For the man that was really important
Who lived down the street in a Air Jordan
Ride to the fellow Mister Rogers and hoes
Drove a 500 sittin on Lorenzoes
He broke out, Little Bo Peep, smoked out
Saw, her and her friends sellin' sheepskins

Yo yo I got them sheepskins
Yo, my empty sheepskins
Yo baby, what's up with that?

Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock
Cinderella ain't home must be givin up the cock
I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin her dwarfs
Saw a fight over colors, too
Red Riding Hood, and Little Boy Blue
A bad influence? Yo I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go

Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it
This is Little Russ in the house
Rock that shit homey, rock that shit!

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall
With a joint, drinkin' some 8-ball
Three little pigs in a Coup de Ville
Lookin' for, the wolf to kill
They're fucked up and they want revenge
Them and Humpty used to be friends
Now they're enemies cause he's a traitor
Pulled out the Uzi cruised by and sprayed him
Cinderella hoeing for the fellas
And Mister Rogers is gettin' mighty jealous
Of the cash that the pigs were makin'
Time for the pigs to get turned to bacon
Cause Mister Rogers found out quick
That Humpty Dumpty was blown to bits
They said that the motherfuckin' wolf was next
So Mister Rogers better watch his step
So he let the wolf know
We're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take their ho
Cause Cinderella is much too fast
Before twelve, givin' up ass
Double barrels all loaded and cocked
As soon as they show, they gonna get popped
They bailed down Sesame Street and caught em
Little Boy Blue is up front givin' orders
Little did they know Cinderella was a fink
She called the cops and got thrown in the clink
A bad influence? Yo, I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go

Down at the best spot 
It's me and JD and they sellin more birds than a pet shop 
The spot's hot and everybody nervous 
That's when the blue car served us 
Oh why did fools had to let loose 
Heard six pops from a deuce deuce 
Big Tom had to push us 
13 niggas runnin' straight to the bushes 
For they gats so they could draw down 
But why a motherfucker like me had to fall down 
Not known why I dropped out 
Fuck it, still can't afford to get popped out 
So now I gotta jet 
Only ran one block, but my shirt soakin' wet 
Tryin' to see if we got him 
Looked down at my sweatshirt red at the bottom 
Didn't panic but I still looked cracked out 
Yelled to the homies then I blacked out 

Woke up in the back of a tray 
On my way, to MLK 
That the county hospital jack 
Where niggas die over a little scratch 
Still sittin' in the trauma center 
In my back is where the bullet entered 
Yo nurse I'm gettin' kind of warm 
Bitch still made me fill out the fuckin' form 
Coughin' up blood on my hands and knees 
Then I heard "freeze nigger don't move" 
Yo, I didn't do a thing 
Didn't want to go out like my man Rodney King 
Still got gaffled 
Internal bleeding as the bullet starts to travel 
Now I'm handcuffed 
Being asked information on my gang affiliation 
I don't bang, I rock the good rhymes 
And I'm a victim of neighborhood crime 

I need to see a MD 
And y'all motherfuckers giving me the third degree 
Look at the waiting room 
It's filled to the rim like the county jail day room 
Nobody gettin' help 
Since we poor 
The hospital move slow 
Now I'm laid out 
People steppin' over me to get closer to the tv 
Just like a piece of dog shit 
Now will I die on this nappy ass carpet 
One hour done passed 
Done watched two episodes of MASH 
And when I'm almost through 
They call my name and put me on ICU 
Halfway dead 
No respect and handcuffed to the bed 
Now the trauma starts 
'Cause the bullet must be just a hair from my heart 
Then I begin the ass kissin' 
Just to get looked at by an overworked physician 
Got the chills, but my temperatures 103 
Only got a band-aid and an IV 
That's when I start cussin' 
Police steady askin' me who did the bustin' 

Why oh why can't I get help 
'Cause I'm black, I gots to go for self 
Too many black bodies the hospital housin' 
So at 10 P.M. I was Audi 5000

Gangsta slow that shit down
Yea who wanna ride with this?

We can ride all day everyday
It's do or die all day everyday
It's suicide all day everyday
You'll be high all day everyday

I'm rolling down the avenue
Doing what I gotta do
Sick as the swine flu
Ain't nothing fine as you
Must I remind you
What is behind you
Drop it down to the ground
Like you was designed too
You can do it lil' mama you can do it (you can do it)
You can do it lil' mama you can do it (you can do it)
You can do it lil' mama you can do it (slow motion)
You can do it lil' mama you can do it (we rollin')

We can do it all day everyday
Get into it all day everyday
Drinking fluid all day everyday
I pursue it all day everyday

You can have it just reach out and grab it (reach out and grab it)
You can have it just reach out and grab it (reach out and grab it)
Just be careful don't be a silly rabbit (silly rabbit)
Recreation use will turn into a habit (cut the shit)

To the ground girl take it to the ground girl (drop that the shit)
To the ground girl take it to the ground girl (drop that the shit)
To the ground girl take it to the ground girl (drop that the shit)

Fuck the feds all day everyday (yea yea)
And chickenheads all day everyday (yea yea)
Get your bread all day everyday (okay)
Use your head all day everyday

You can do it lil' mama you can do it
You can do it lil' mama you can do it (you can do it)
You can do it lil' mama you can do it
You can do it lil' mama you can do it
(Drop that shit)

All day everyday (certified)
All day everyday (qualified)
All day everyday (Westcoast warlord)
All day everyday
(Roll that I blaze that
Nigga fuck way back
I does that I does that
Homie what was that?)

Ice Cube with The Lench Mob I got it goin' on
A nigga that's livin' in the city of the criminal zone
One time can't keep the law in order
'Cause everybody's goin' crazy for a quarter
You're tuned in to the number one crew in the area
The way I'm talkin I'm scarin' ya
I'm darin ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag
Or beat down for ya flag
'cause if you is or you ain't a gang banger
Keep one in the chamber
'cause you'll get them things put on ya son
Ice Cube has got the 4-1-1
All the ol' school house fellows are crooks
So I get jealous looks
They keep thinkin' did my hair grow?
Will the boys 'n' the hood have to beat down Ice Cube?
Hell no, I'll static son, you'll see it's okay
I keep my 9 anyway
For the day one of my homies want to squab
I'm still rollin wit The Lench Mob

(AmeriKKKa's most wanted)

Back in the day I dip my shirt in dirt
Sometimes I got away clean, sometimes people got hurt
But if you know me, you know that I'm liable
To bust a cap 'cause it's all about survival of the fittest
I'm a menace crook
I did so much dirt I need to be in the Guinness Book
From the shit I took from people
I reap all your fat shit, jack
Back to the criminals sect
I leave crew after crew but they can't catch me yet
'cause I'm slick as slippery
They can't get wit me, cops ain't shit to me
I can't dig a pig so I drop the dogs
And sweat em like sweat hogs
And get mad, mad 'cause I'm the nigga that flaunt it
AmeriKKKa's most wanted

Hey yo, here's what the poster read:
'Ice Cube is wanted dead'
That's all it said
I put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green
Hear shots and si-reens
When I feet first they yo' rings, now they my rings
So give it up punk and then I just
Put another jack in progress
It's the American way
'cause I'm the G-A-N-G-S-T-A
Ice Cube, a motherfuckin' clepto'
And tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so
Who gets the worm?
And if I'm caught in a trap
You know I'ma beat the wack
With a payoff, cop gotta lay off
FBI on my dick, stay off!
I'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest
I'm a nigga with a 'S' on his chest
So get the Kryptonite 'cause I'm a rip tonight
'cause I'm scarin' ya, wanted by America

(Hey yo Cube man, they on your ass)

Word, but who the fuck has heard?
It's time to take a trip to the suburbs
Let em see a nigga invasion
Point blank for the Caucasian
Cock the hammer then crackle, smile
Take me to your house, pal
Got to the house, my pockets got fat, see
Crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry
Three weeks later, I'm at the P-A-D
Had a little fly ass bitch wit me
Sittin' in a dig, yo it couldn't be
(What up G?) Saw my face on TV
Damn (oh shit!) I didn't know I lucked out
Struck out, I gotta get the fuck out
Pack my bags and tried to hit the dough when
The ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in
'Cause the feds was out there ten deep
I got hassled and gaffled in the back seat
I think back when I was robbin' my own kind
The police didn't pay it no mind
But when I start robbin' the white folks
Now I'm in the pen wit the soap-on-a-rope
I said it before and I'll still taught it
Every motherfucker with a color is most wanted

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let 'em know
When I'm rollin' in the low low
You can't **** with the smoke bowl

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let 'em know
When I'm rollin' in the low low
I serve it to 'em slowmo

Comin' from the west side, ****' alright
Do this **** all night, leave your **** hog-tied
****, this is raw hide, mixed with the dark side
Never will I walk by, punk, I'm the fall guy

****, you a small fry, looking at the hawk I
Make you buck, I don't give a ****, I
Make you have to duck my ****' buckshot
Bloody ****, BB's pulled out your buttocks

These **** want to know my name
They want to know my game, I got plenty of aim
They said, don't **** with me
'Cuz if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now

His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you **** with her
You must smoke Cocaine, brother
Why would you **** with his?
Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Where they go?

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
When I'm rollin' in my low low
I serve it to you slowmo

I'ma keep it real, man, **** how they feel, man
If your feelin' ill, man, go, take a pill
I'ma keep this steel, man, straight at your grill, man
You can tell opra, ****, you can tell Bill

But Mr. Cosby, this ain't a hobby
****, this the ghetto, just like sowheto
Where **** want to hurt you, there's no rehearsal
There's no commercial when you're turning purple

These **** want to know my name
They want to know my game, I got plenty of aim
They said, don't **** with me
'Cuz if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now

His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you **** with her
You must smoke Cocaine, brother
Why would you **** with his?
Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Where they go?

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
When I'm rollin' in my low low
I serve it to you slowmo, here they come

That's the sound of the police, police
That's the sound of the police, police
Ain't nuthin' more important to me then payback
I'm holding court in the streets
Ain't nuthin' more important to me then payback
I'm holding court in the streets

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Where they go?

Anybody seen the popo's?
Anybody seen the popo's? Let me know
When I'm rollin' in my low low
I serve it to you slowmo

These **** want to know my name
They want to know my game, I got plenty of aim
They said, don't **** with me
'Cuz if he pull them thangs, there goes your brains, now

His girlfriend's Lois Lane and if you **** with her
You must smoke Cocaine, brother
Why would you **** with his?
Blow up your kids and smoke your own mother

I gotta keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta

I gotta keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta

I gotta keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta

I gotta keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta
Keep it gangsta, gangsta

I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me) 
I check it in in the Dirty South (a yeay) 
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle  man) 
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang) 
(Look at me) 
(Don Matta') 
(Poppa Don) 

Check my blood pressure  
They think they fresher than the Don 
Prescription pills to keep me calm  
Nigga  I'm da bomb! 
In the black Testerosa, 
Sippin' on Mimosa, 
A bleedin' nosa
I'm in the West, we ain't got the ?nego? 
Give me Sicko kilos from Puerto Rico 
When I okay it, 
So much cheese, you got to weigh it 
Never thought these niggaz was the feds 
"Freeze" was the sound 
I started lettin' off rounds, 
Lay the whole fuckin' room down 
I don't want to see Your Honor, 
Ratha' eat piranha from Benny Hana, 
Smokin' marijuana in my sauna, 
I done hate it with these attics and faggots, 
They them rattic causin' static, 
Bring me my A-U-T-O-matic, 
Oh niggas want to se how we ride 
Bitch, you know the motherfuckin' side, 
World motherfuckin' wide. 

Make yo' hustle official, 
And them niggas that's wit' you, 
Gotta push the issue, 
On the fools that dis you, 
Whether pump or pistol, 
When it's up in yo' gristle, 
Hand yo' mama a tissue, 
If I decide to kiss you. 

I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me) 
I check it in in the Dirty South (Ask about me) 
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle  man) 
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang) 
(Look at me) 
(Don Matta') 
(Poppa Don)   

Can you dig her? 
It's the bigger, seven-figure, super nigga 
Wit' the triggas at yo' dome, 
We like to roam, 
Through yo' motherfuckin' home like a comb 
And find the money that's gone 
And we'll take you, shake you, 
Break you, take two, 
Play you on wit' the chrome, 
Nigga shoot! 
Execute, they try to electrocute 
I got too much loot 
Ya say I'm on yo' hit list, 
You niggas miss, 
Tryin' to turn my motherfuckin' cheese into Swiss 
Rappers make bucks and I can hear it, 
Hard to fear it, 
'cause I know you grew up on my lyrics 
It's the boss player, 
Never lost hair over assholes, 
Blast holes in you motherfuckin' tadpoles 
Like a bullfrog, 
Nigga I'm a bull hog, 
Guppies get worked like puppies by the bulldog 
Where millions never gave a fuck about Sicilians, 
Or killers on T.V. can see, 
We got the real ones 
So check yo' motherfuckin' CD-Rom 
And your World Wide Web, dot com, 
It's the Don Mega! 

Make yo' hustle official, 
And them niggas that's wit' you, 
Gotta push the issue, 
On the fools that dis you, 
Whether pump or pistol, 
When it's up in yo' gristle, 
Hand yo' mama a tissue, 
If I decide to kiss you.

I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me) 
I check it in in the Dirty South (a yeay) 
I check it in in the Mid West (hustle  man) 
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang) 
(Look at me) 
(Don Matta') 
(Poppa Don) 

What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (Hustle, man) 

Ask About me 
Ask About me

On the lower level where the devils dwell
Comin' from the one, comin' back from hell

Peepin' out the window, checkin' on the criminals
Out in the yard, it's hard, but you're in
So you do your time and never let the time do ya
He lost his mind that's what the time'll do to ya
A brother in the box screamin' find a cigarette
Niggaz walkin' by ain't tryin' to hear that
So off to the Day Room, a fight in progress
A brother got sliced and diced over nonsense
D.O.I., Dead On the Island
The life the knife the price, for wigga-wildin'
Never a day, I say I'm not leavin'
Long as I live in a crib and I'm breathin'
Four years done, another one in a cell
Don't need nobody to come, cause I'll be back from hell

Fire and brimstone, sendin' 'em home
To the brownstone, and on the streets that he roamed
Before he got locked up, he sewed the whole block up
People would jock, because he cooked the rock
Caught by the cop, he's knocked, and now he's faceless
The spot was hot, he's Scott, that's what his name is
When he was out with clout, people surround him
Now that he's in the pen, niggaz downed him
Wait upstate, for the day, till they free the man
In '98, be straight, and then you'll see him again
Ready to kill, and steal, ill and build
A fly'r empire, higher, still runnin' the 'ville

Boy goin' to hell, another day in the dark
The brother wait in the park, blind faded and stalked
Naked, out to die and not movin'
He needs a fix by six that means you've been
Strung out, your lung out, foamin' with your tongue out
Back to hell and well, that's where you hung out
For the past and last year, your acts for cash here
Crash and smash any ass to get a blast yeah
The brother smother his mother, for another one
Then ill and kill, with the other son
For crack as well, the brother black he yell
You just stop and think, he's comin' back from hell

"From the depths of hell and you can smell the smoke!"

[Intro: Ghostface Killah] 
Yeah... what's happpening New York City? 
It's ya boy Ghost in the muthaf***in' house tonight 
("Don't f*** with Ghost, you'll feel sorry") 
Nahwhatimean? We about to get it popping, let's go! 
Yo! Yo! 

[Chorus: Ghostface Killah] 
Tell your crew to be easy, n****z run around 
With them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay 
Get word to the DJ, tell 'em Staten Island's 
In the house, put the record on replay 

[Ghostface Killah] 
Get your nose blowned off by the fifth, uh 
You wanna be there, layin' all stiff, uh 
Everytime you go uptown, you get jipped, uh 
That's karma, boy, running your lip, uh 
You be fronting like you got a bunch of chicks, uh 
You be at home, n****, beating your dick, uh 
I'm in the club with the chipped up wrist, uh 
You at the bar, whoadie, drinkin' my piss, uh 
The yellow s***, and the bottle ain't Crys', son 
You turned your muthaf***in' head, n****, we switched 'em 
You just mad cause I'm hittin' your sister 
You in the other room, huh, you couldn't sleep, uh 
Pop a lotta s*** without that liquor, yup 
We mind seat up, so take our picture 
I'm like the boogeyman, n****, I'll get ya 
Whether now or later, afterlife, or switcher 

[Interlude: Ghostface Killah] 
Yeah, oh s***, aiyo Tone hurry up and get 'em, n**** 
You knowhatimean, it's about to pop off! 
Ya'll n****z clear the f***ing floor 
Get the f*** out the way, come on! 

[Chorus] 

[Trife Da God (Ghostface Killah) {both}] 
Yo, it's Tone in the building (the teams in the building) 
N****z wanna beef {what up, what up, what up} 
We packed to the ceiling (we constantly chilling) 
We can cause {we could, we shoot, we slice, we cut} 

[Ghostface Killah] 
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yea, now 
Yes, my birthday, landed in nay, now 
Peace to Dirt Dog, I'm back like deja vu 
Leave your girl around me, I will bag your boo 
Ahh, you b**** n****z better listen up 
Anybody front, paramedics gonna pick 'em up 
They try to save you, sware to God, I hit the nurse up 
Like "Nah, doc, he look better in a herse truck" 
I tried to ignore it, his people saw it 
I ain't the type of dude you go to war with 
My polo gun yo, will crack the floor s*** 
When the heat's on, you know I draw it 
I had his number down, Toney just called it 

[Interlude: Ghostface Killah] 
Yo, aiyo, Pete Rock, good looking n****! 
Staten Island, yo Theodore! What's the deal 
Slap me one of the ratchets, I'm about to go in! Yo! 

[Chorus] 

[Ghostface Killah] 
Gotta get that cheese, gotta pimp that V 
Gotta burn those leaves, and uh 
Pretty Tone make the girls say please 
Daddy work that d, put it in and be eas' and uh 
So what, come on, now some of y'all people 
Might know me from my wallabies 
Pretty b****es got my number, y'all can dial me 
I stick it up like an iced cake robbery 
And when I'm done, y'all can finger nail file me 
Floss the ill robes since Criminology 
Supreme Clientele, put the world on top of me 
Yo babe, hurry up, with those collard greens 
I represent S.I., ain't as wild as me 
They lousy, I'm phat like a pound of cheeba weed brownies 
Tone got the powder squeeze, don't surround me 
Quick to pick a honey up, s***, the flow's Bounty 
Ya'll can just crown me! 

[Outro: Ghostface Killah] 
Yeah, that's right 
I like to thank y'all for coming out tonight 
How y'all like that s***? Youknowhatimean? 
You really run New York 
This is that Theodore s***, muthaf***er!

[Ice Cube]
Say Earl, let's get it crack-a-latin in this bitch..
Uhh.. nigga nigga.. why'know (y'know) why'know!
Uhh, Ice Cube and E-40 up in this motherfucker
(Ice Cube and E-40) For those that don't know,
we do it like this (like how?) We do it like this (like this)

I gotta say some shit 'fore we start the single
I'm sick of motherfuckers bitin 40 lingo
Everytime I see yo' bitch ass you got a jingle
and you ain't wrote shit, got it from my people
Your whole ego, is evil, negro, fo'rizzo, we go
get the Desert Eagle, blast on your Regal
Your dub, no "California Love," California slugs
from California bloods, and Calfironia 'cause

[E-40]
Dip ridin them little itty bitty ass wheels
in the town like you might see on shoppin carts
If I ain't ridin mustard or mayonnaise-zinas(?)
and bowed toes, (?) low on horse
then I'm bluffin, I'm less than nothin, a constipated dude
Constantly fartin, but I'm really supposed to be, shittin on fools
Peep - Ice Cube and E-40 doin a track together
That's HEAT! Players it don't get no better than this pimpin
That's HEAT! Two of the most grizzliest and Godzilla-ass niggaz
to ever touch the mic.. (touch the mic)

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
[I] Behind gates, heaven or hell, mansion or jail
Keepin it real, two niggaz from the hood makin mill's
[E] Behind gates, heaven or hell, mansion or jail
Was destined to have somethin pimpin, be about your mail

[E-40]
NOW! I might talk a different language but I'm not Scottish
Got more homies in jail, than I do in college
I'm a cold piece of (?) - slide through the park
and come back every fifteen minutes in a different car
on the strength of flamboastin pu-uh-purposes
Smokin burners (burners)
Finger on my thumper (thumper) in this concrete habitat
Never know when you just might have to, put a head on flat

[Ice Cube]
Our status, is penthouses, yo' ass, is rent houses
We got, ten houses, can't even, spend ours
We go, invent ours, in about, ten hours
Comin with that mob-ass shit, it's a hit bitch
Broke bitch, turn into a rich bitch
Every trick bitch want to be a legit bitch
We got big ol', big gold gates
We got big ol', big gold, nickel plates (who is it?)

[Chorus]
[Ice Cube]
Let me tell you, broke niggaz can't offend me
Evidently, yo' Bentley musta said "rent me"
I see you rollin, lookin stolen, L.A.P.D.
is actin just like me, they can't believe what they see
Pull you over, it's over, nigga, can't be sober
Rollin through this neighborhood fool nice to know ya
Fakin like you got the bacon, with that tickin-ass Rolex
A nigga blast til the soul reflects

[E-40]
My roots grew up tearin projects, players shootin craps pimpin
Placin side bets, hair full of naps pimpin
Bunch of ruffnecks, play the old tracks mayne
Money cars sex, servin cocaine
White girl, wedding dress, in the dope game
Block cleaners, poppin out of my Ford Excursion truck
with heaters, poppin at all of my enemies better duck
Even though I'm makin tapes I'm still stuck

[Chorus] - 2X

[Footsteps]

[Interlude]
[Ice Cube:] Heheh! Heh! [footsteps]
[Prison Guard:] Yeah! Get him now. [keys clinking] 'Ey, Cube!
[Ice Cube:]...
[Prison Guard:] Cube, bwoy!
[Ice Cube:] What, what? Whattup? [cell door closing]
[Prison Guard:] Get your ass UP!
[Ice Cube:] Aiii... Ohh, shit!
[Prison Guard:] Time to go.
[Ice Cube:] Whassup? Ooh, man, shit!
[Prison Guard:] Goin' out for a walk! Door 7! [footsteps]
[Ice Cube:] 'Ey, man. 'Ey, man! [footsteps]
[Prison Guard:] What? [footsteps]
[Ice Cube:] I never did like you. [footsteps]
[Prison Guard:] Open it up! [footsteps] [cell door opening] [cameras clicking]
[Prison Guard:] Strap him in! All right... Calm down! You got any last words? [talking]
[Ice Cube:] Yeah. Yeah, I got some last words... FUCK ALL Y'ALL!
[Prison Guard:] Switch. [electric shock]

[Unknown news anchor speaks:]
"Was America willing to maintain order...
No matter what the cost?"

